Ok, so private window with China.  I bring it here so other Novum members can be informed. Do I have it right you accede to let some things to, to undermine the apparatus in full?

China: We lovingly suggest this, and will do our part.  Let us begin however!

Matt:  Right, so let's begin with a few initial gives, and then we will start.  The treatment of Orphans in XaeXang is nefarious, and will compel us to believe the government is complicit.  Remove this element of conspiracy against children by the government. Next the dispensation of knowledge concerning the temporal vortex.  Remain silent, and know you performed a great role.  Finally, bring to light to Xi Xinping that he is not finished with Matthew, and that will end now because you want that.  Do these three things, at least get them started, I will be notified, let me know your response.

China: We allege to do all those things, should good behaviour emerge here and the information valid. There in XaeXang we do admit involvement in a weird sort of way, but know ours to be security, not dispatchment of orphans.  If some of ours are caught doing bad things to kids, then be known full and well we come at them, that is not their job.

Matt: I will work to satisfy these ends, as Novum's relationship with China would be at stake here, but do know I would have privately considered the president a dark enemy for the purposes of this conversation.  I leave it out, to be clear, we do compelling work.  First, give me intelligence in Hua Men Xi La Koma.  There can be no conclusion otherwise that they are the prime conspirators in the government end of things, everything to do with CCP in your country is determined in some way by their reign.  Let us know what happens here, for other eyes.

China: We have them, but want desperately to know more about them.  We have some intelligence to suggest they do this exactly, but they are very conspicious in one manner and secretive another.  Know full well we allege this takes place with them.

Matt: Very well, we give the rest.  Ho MinXing gives the lecture to the others, Sapu Minrah gives the doctrine elsewhere when it can be applied.  What do we have as an initial assessment of the relationship?

China: We have word that they conspire, and we wished to have Sapu so badly because he does some nefarious things otherwise.  Do know it is good to have this lecture, and Xi Xinping applauds your candidacy on the manoeuvre earlier with the dark enemy comment.  Nobody will be enemy of the people and get away with it, not even for dark fun reasons like yours.

Matt:  That very well, I sense chuckling and to aspire to conspire but keep it silent.  Anyway, more on the matter, there are more government apparatus' involved, primarily emanating the satanic lecture of esotericism.  Know it well, Hua Manua, a term appointed member of the CCP, is involved in affairs relating to that of Falun Gong and others for the Brotherhood.  See to it you report on his doings with them here, for other Novum members.

China: We begin to address his involvement in Do Bakarr, that is to say, a nefarious group involved in criminal activity, notably police bribery and the like.  They keep watch seemingly for some others in high places, but we do not know because of their effective mask.

Matt:  And you shall break that mask with the full force of the government today. Get cracking, it serves you so well.  Know also that Dalu Nafbart, an associate of Hua, is also involved in bribery of the political sort, he bribes the office of the President and they don't all know it there, only some that keep it secret.  Smash this veil and unleash what they have to say on the people, how have they been threatened? Novum would like it's members to know how deep their treachery runs!

China: We begin by asserting that right will be exercised in full, indeed Matthew!  Do know we break that veil with ambition today!  And for that last one, they did threaten us with death and committed that once in the name of defiance!  They said they would kill another if that one did not respond, and she fatefully did not, so the member was killed.  Know we come at those who do that indeed, do know it well!  The President authorizes execution of those who did that!

Matt:  And you have more now than you will ever need.  Say, would you do one more thing to REALLY get at them all?  You might not persecute, given their intentions, but you will know a mercy by us and see the last of their establishment in you fully.

China: We say OK, but it should be a small thing, by advisement of the President.

Matt: And I let you evaluate before you continue.  Would you ONLY see to any potential taking of Taiwan as a dark endeavour? Say, for example, you forbid it under all reasonable ends, but if it satisfies the dark end in you somehow after my help with it then you would only pursue it on sacred grounds most dark, and place a dark banner in your wake?  I'm sure your resilience towards taking Taiwan as it is is great, but the situation is tense.  Would you see to this endeavour that way only, and forbid it otherwise?

China: We have our word from the President, he will exercise this right in this one case only, know well he intends to learn what we know already of your dark planning, in the end we will see that it is justified and that is right, even on dark ends.  Know it well we perceive that lecture prior to be most enthusiastic, and wish to see another done in this way for us.

Matt: Very well, but it puts me at odds with my people, so me and Darkness with cover that angle together, so that the plight itself is just.  Then we continue, we propse that a search be made into Theosophical Society at work in the Gobi Desert, know those spectres sitting there are their work and they plan to use those markings in an epic documentary concerning their work, and you would have first look technically at them.  Impressive, aren't they?  The presence of Shamballah is what they represent, when it sat there atop the waters on an Island of it's own long ago, it thought the best of men in some ways, though for the devious end.  Reveal their spectre before them, and see that a small failure, antagonizing and brutal, is done upon them.  I also say let us conclude here, for the next document begins.

China: We say we see those spectres, as you call them.  Know well we intend a brutal death for folk as entrenched as this, more to come later amen.  We do that document now, who will be needed for it?

Matt:  Only the President, Darkness demands that.  As long as he has a direct channel, no extra remedy need be applied.  Let us begin that, anyway.