I write this as lovingly as possible.  After the primary event, my life was triggered in a serious way.  I was using imagination to defeat enemies of massive proportions, and only now as I reflect on it do I see God's hand in all of it, not to say the context didn't imply it, but I less realized the thing in the beginning.  He literally rewrote the entire fabric of time, slowly, piece by piece.  I won't detail how, but you can expect the Blanket Amnesia Conspiracy was a thing of my imagining.  I imagined it, as a result of what took place, but the moral of the story is that the reality created came to be.  We are living that period now, what would have happened were only THAT particular miracle on that day happened.  All the headaches found by trying to chase me, all the abnormal things taking place around the event.  But that can be in this world, the "Fine and Dandy" world, only to wonder about what Donald Trump is really up to with Venezuela.  I can tell you that is a thing impending, with Iron Strike on the way.

See, this world is connected to another.  Picture this, and I'm not even joking because look at what is happening around me, this cannot be evaluated as anything different.  So time goes on, it becomes Qiyamah in the Prophets time, just as he foretold.  The people of that time get it wrong, I don't know how that exactly works but to say the least, something was out of place with the entire thing to begin with.  There was a group of people who were placed on Earth to be it's guardians, and they would have run the governments of the world in secret as they do today, only more boldly then with secrecy in the shadows well maintained (I.e. before blanket surveillance).  They were not keen on what happened, but were God's servants, so they requested with all their might on behalf of the people to see it that maybe something be done and time continue, being too short.  They saw all the advances technology could bring in the future, if only they could reach it and achieve that statehood.  

So it was, and the time continued.  The writings of Bukhari and others came to be, and we received our canonized version of our Prophet SAWS and his Sunnah.  Unfortunately, as a measure of making something else take place, something was done to the Sunnah, and we received a lecture that shows the Prophet SAWS marrying someone who is only 6 years old, a crime by all standards then and now, but they still assert in it many things.  Ah, he fondled her, ah, he had affairs with other women, ah it goes on.  But can you blame them for what they read?  Those who read don't need to weave through the lies to get to the truth, some people can be forgiven for their outcry.  And maybe some wish both ways that I was just making things up here, but seriously these Ahadith are recorded and many people adhere to them, also being part of the Seerah as well.

But so also did progress come.  We lost Rome, but inherited the world.  And even in the time after Muhammad SAWS, though this was before the time I'm speaking of, the Jews were brought back to their homeland.  History as written can be despicable at times, but given the context of what a good Muslim should be, as practiced then, there's no reason to say that humans are perfect, nor immediately culpable for the written words that are attached to their name, here and there as well.  But I will speak the truth.  Time passed on, and here we are today, sorry to run it a bit short.  We can expect that certain things will take place according to God, as they always would, and the Mahdi (AS) will some day arrive here and begin the story of the end.  But that can be this expected time, the time that went on for it's reason.

So as we have it, on that fateful March day, so began a chain of events that would spiral into yet ANOTHER ongoing time period.  It might be in our world as we know it today that we will see Qiyamah, but I experience things now on a level that I know makes me connected to another world, and in that world times are dire.  The past 6 and 3/4 years have been grueling on society as literally, my mind is chosen among the many to "become real at all costs", and they have seen to this in authorship.  

For some reason, after Qiyamah, we all choose to undergo the process of beginning what is called "Shifa" by our Prophet SAWS as I know him.  In this time, everyone forgets.  The why IS important, but suffice it to say I only know that an even greater day was promised that everyone suffer the same fate.  You might probably question there, would God commit to forgetting, but you can be sure if he didn't like it, it would never be.  All Muslims recount the story from the Qur'an about the man and his donkey, asking how long he had been there at a time's length.  The man was so sure, wasn't he?  

Anyway, these reminders of God's power are IN the Qur'an, we already know he can do anything he wills, but it only innovation to say he has done anything outside of scope.  So count all in his scope but consider it limited?  I don't, and I want to make it clear that I am not experiencing this for nothing.  As surely as all those people line up by the literal millions to get a piece of my software and I don't see it, it tells me you are in the world of Shifa, and I might not see you right now but that will all change at some point.  See, that time only had to begin.  They all expect this to be in the Order, it is their great plan after all.  They would wish it go on even FURTHER, and that would cause them suffering.  And this brings us to why Shifa comes about to rejoin us with our past at all, because they got so TIRED of it, so infuriated, so overwhelmed, that they just simply said "OK, by God we will repeat it if that is your command and get it right" but now they even have fixes there with their surly estate.  I swear to God in the land of Shifa they even extort the one they call God, over all this absent mindedness.

But that can be Shifa.  One could say, as any would be aware, we live it now, but so do three temporal moments at the same time.  And that leads into the whole "Why the fuck" you've been wondering about this whole time.

Let's look at something honestly.  Give time it's shot, let it go.  It flows good when it's free.  Add control, you begin to constrain it's value, and effects render, like an undertow you cannot control really, or can but must now subdue the entire mass to contain it.  That can be quite unnatural, so time is best left off to it's course, but boy doesn't it like to run aground.

So how does one contain the massive effects of time building up on themselves?  Give everything entity.  And of course we already know, even the heavens can respond "We submit willingly" to God if he so chooses to ask them.  And in that beautiful moment when EVERYTHING gets a name in the unseen world, he can ask it anything and it will tell him.  This undertow cannot be stopped, but when enquiring about it, one cannot control that.  For your Lord SWT, it seems that he does this dance effortlessly, but not without some costs.

So, I give it his way.  The Haqqiqi is responding, the enemy gate is empty.  The master charges in without hesitation, his foe upon him from the start.  He negotiates, gives it it's course.  And so we live the last 6 and 3/4 years again, with one thing in mind:  Only serve to imagine everything, let nothing be real, but make consequence of all of it.  

So of course, your lord is so bold as to recognize what the very elect only recognize now, which is that their world is very cruel.  Make Homer Simpson a cartoon is one thing, but to DEEM him to be an ENTITY because it serves the will of a chamber?  Make a CARTOON real?  Can you imagine the pain Homer actually is forced to simulate as a result of all those inventions?

Maybe we can all say goodbye to controlling fate, and leave that to God.  It seems your future selves (Talking to the Order) only promote that you might stop everything and not be blasted fools to perpetrate this lifetime exist thrice, for the sake of more power, and to only cause it to be as a RELIEF from their very own device on the second go.

I wish all the best, but obviously, God has been making certain things real for others unseen, because he needs them to act here and there at the same time in the same way.  But let HIM fill in the blanks, I say, not just play it out and call it when it's done!

All I can say is that I faithfully will never pave the way for them to have Shifa, and though Shifa can come in this time, I deny them the ability to use me for any of their gains, and I'm a key actor in the whole thing with the American Spring event.  But you all should too, just petition for God and ask him not to impose anything illogical or stupid like what I said, all because someone wants a power over it that has never been given to any lifeform in existence.  We have enough with procreation, we should see to it that we only artfully create pictures and images, and not cause undue suffering.  Be kind, I've even been told be kind with your coding, it goes a long way!

But that is the ultimate conclusion I have been able to reach.  I don't really know fully what I am in all this, but I can tell you that God is in the work.  I see it as things move unnaturally, never a co-incidence alone.  God bless you all, thank you for reading this far.  Cheers!