As I write this, many people have experienced their God in action.  But I do mean to be candid with what I say here.  This is a testimony to my outcome here today.  I have written another memoir but will do this for your sake.

Early March 2019.  I was renting a room at 149 Hickling Trail through the AMR Property Management company.  I had quit roofing the year previous, only to just "Be on EI" for the remainder of the winter season.  That panned out successfully, but it took it's toll on me.  I had a car at that time.

Then came the public testimony of Michael Cohen near the end of the month, before the 24th but I can't be certain, the dates on Google have been muxed.  The day before this, I just randomly visualized something and did it.  I had never done that before, but something in me told me just to do it anyway, what harm could it do, especially being so good?  The thing I did was simple, I opened the safe of Robert Mueller, Special Counsel at the time, and placed several FORINT and other SIGINT information which was denied to him.  Notably, some interesting things were in there.  I didn't pay any mind, and just went on with my day.

Next day, I begin to watch the Testimony.  All of a sudden, a second cheque shows up, clearly marked with Trump's name, along with the supposed first one.  They had earlier denied that such a cheque was issued, so to find it was interesting.  Michael tried to explain, but as his lawyers suggested, it was not a good move, as they visibly went "Shit!" when he said the next thing.  Something they couldn't control, seemingly.

Anyway, a few other things came to light I don't remember fully, but in the end, Michael was going to testify behind closed doors on the 24th.  I waited for that day, but in between I had experiences.  Little did I know there were psychic monitors on the scene, something the US discovered in the 70's with cell phone development and research into psychics.  I say they discovered it, this was the whole plan the whole time by the Order.  There are plainly other ways to communicate wirelessly, and it does NOT need radiation to do it.  Plainly, the human is a radio as well, and while most systems at the carrier service omit data types of this kind, it's all recorded, and someone sees it, and interprets it from the raw.

Anyway, the US government plainly claims that psychics do not exist, after their denial of successful research, but that is impossible since I am one, and know others through the mind, as do others (And them, clearly).  Anyway, as a working apparatus of the Order I find it hard to believe the US government did not find the data they were looking for in that research, when it has been used for eons.  They used this secret technology to monitor me, because they had no way of knowing for sure until Mueller started wording it that way.

So, then comes the fateful day, the 24th.  I had invited Robert Mueller to watch the assassination attempt on Michael Cohen, which I had discovered with my mind.  This was new to me, so I thought that was cute.  He watched as I forced the assassin, with my mind, to simply approach Michael, say something, and then leave, dropping the gun in the garbage receptacle nearby and taking off slowly.  Michael just got surprised, and walked into the closed door testimony.  I'm sure none of what was said was supposed to take place.  I have never known this for sure, but anyone can check the tapes of that day.

......To Be Continued........