AstraTechnica
Pave the way for a greater tomorrow!

Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. Characters
3. Character Sheets
4. Crew and Crew Sheet
5. Company Board
6. Map Boards
7. Units and Tokens
8. Overlay Tiles
9. Server Room
10. The Ghazarkhan
11. Domicile and Company Premises
12. Mining Rigs
13. Money and Items
14. Starting the Company
15. Investment
16. Digital Security Technologies
17. Law Enforcement
18. Government and Laws
19. Hackers
20. Card Decks
21. Phone Application
22. Assassinations
23. Game Time Management

Introduction
AstraTechnica, a game of enthusiasm and valor in skills. This one player game focuses on a Character
of choice, all of whom have different personalities, friends, starting items and money, as well as
different ambitions. Some of them want to start a grand company, but just need the right motivation.
Others do not want anything to do with the established world, and wish to work their projects in the
background. There are multiple ways to win this game, and you will have to choose the right courses
of action in order to get to a successful end.
In order to win this game, you must complete your project and have it developed in all parts of the
World. Whether it's big or small, it's the global aspiration that counts!

Characters
There are a number of Characters, their descriptions will be found below:
1. Col. Miles O'Brien [@Looper] – This man is an National Security Agency agent in charge of
assisting with the Director of the agency in the Cyber Command. He lives in a 2 bedroom
Semidetached unit in the Fort George G. Meade residential area with another Soldier named Lt.
Herbert Stimreck. Herbert is a Crew Member belonging to the Colonel, as they both engage in a
Mining operation and trade Cryptocurrency on the side. He has a car, a TV, a Computer, a
Laptop, an AI powered assistant, a Printer, and a Smartphone. He starts off with lots of food
and little hunger. He is also very proficient at Coding, and Herbert is good at Hardware and
Server Repair.
2. Yousef Feldtstein [@GrumpyDad76] – A Jewish man working for the Nexus Cybersecurity
Agency, this talented individual has many skills others do not. A little bit of a jack of all trades,
he specializes in Project Management, and wants to express it as best he can. He lives in a 3
bedroom house on Long Island in New York City with a wife, Yolanda, and 2 children, Ham
and Shiloh, the latter of whom is a teenager and is a part of your Crew. You play video games
together, and help him with his school projects. Yousef has a Car, 3 TV's, a Movie Player, 2
Game Consoles, 6 Security Cameras, 3 Computers, 2 Laptops, 3 Smartphones, a Rolex Watch, a
Server, a Printer and a Home Internet Security Device. He has no trouble with food and starts
off not hungry at all.
3. Sherry Lorne [@FeliciaX] – A woman who works at a Grocery Store full time, living in a 1
bedroom apartment in Southeast LA. She has no crew, but she has skills in Cybersecurity that
will help her greatly in the future. She offers her services on the side as a white hat hacker,
making a fair killing in order to afford her daily needs. She has a Car, a TV, 2 Computers, 3
Servers, 1 Mining Rig, 1 Laptop, and 1 Smartphone. She wants to develop a real Cybersecurity
firm but just doesn't know where to start.
4. Deborah Casunaga [@RealDebCas] – Deborah the famous owner of the Beta Company, which
runs a social media platform and other things. She visits the government often, reporting on the
various activities done by big tech. But she has issues. Her husband, Mark, left her 1 year ago,
and ever since she has been drawing weird feelings with her co-workers over the smallest
things. She has global aspirations for a new company, but doesn't know if she can manage both
jobs at once. Lives in a 2 bedroom condo unit in Atlanta, Georgia by herself. She has a Car, a
TV, a Movie Player, a Laptop, a Computer, a Printer, a Security Camera and a Smartphone.
5. Johnathan Savworthy [@Diablo1] – This man is a hacker extraordinaire. He pirates personal
information and the like, as well as completely locking out peoples Computers as he sees fit. He
has a crew of 4, whose names are @Candyman, @Crookshank, @Misfit334, and
@KittenLauncherXD. They all excel at some form of computer or person manipulation, and
each have a Mining Rig that partially benefits Johnathan. He has a Bike, a 4 Computers, 5
Servers, a Home Internet Security Device, 2 Security Cameras, a Printer, 2 Laptops, and 3
Smartphones. He has little food to start, and is very hungry. He lives in Stamford, Connecticut
in a 1 bedroom apartment.

Character Sheets
Character Sheets determine variables in the game that will be activated by Cards and Tiles, and the
overall progression of the game in general. These go hand in hand with the Crew Sheet, as the Dice
value indicated will activate certain abilities that the player can do at various times in the game. The
Character Sheet tracks are as follows:
1. Intelligence
2. Literacy
3. Rationale
4. Science
5. Mathematics
6. Obesity
7. Wounds
8. Happiness
9. Entertainment
10. Depression
11. Stubbornness
12. Computers: Legacy Hardware
13. Computers: Modern Hardware
14. Computers: Mobile Hardware
15. Computers: Coding Protocols
16. Computers: Network Configurations
17. Computers: Server Management
18. Computers: Virus Technology
19. Computers: Laws & Regulations
20. Computers: Dark Web Knowledge
21. Computers: Firewall & VPN Knowledge
22. Computers: Hacker Techniques

Crew and Crew Sheets
Occasionally, there will be a call to check information on the Crew Sheet to determine the results of
game interactions. This Crew Sheet has the following components:
1.
2.
3.
4.

Name of Crew
Threat Rating
Crew Member Handle
Crew Unity

Beside items 2-4 is a Die that represents a value. Each Crewmate gets his or her own set of Dice to
place on this sheet, some right away, some at a later time. Beside item 3, there are 4 slots to place a
Die in. Beside items 2 and 4, there is only one Die to place, unique to it's spot on the Crew Sheet.
Move the Die in the proper direction when told to, and activate the bonus/deduction when the
instructions call for it.
Item 2 has the following slots for Dice (6 Sides Each):
1. Rating
Item 3 has the following slots for Dice (4 Sides each):
1.
2.
3.
4.

Spirit
Action
Health
Skill

Item 4 has the following slots for Dice (6 Sides each):
1. Rating
Different Crewmates have different symbols on their Dice, make sure to place them in the right spot
when setting up a new Crewmate. Rating Dice are straightfoward. Each number on the Die represents
a different level of interaction (For example, a 6 on Item 2 would indicate the highest threat level,
whereas 1 on the same Die is a minimal rating). When the Die reads a blank value, nothing is done for
that particular instruction.

Company Board
This board represents your newly founded Company. All stats and values representing the Company
will be here, as well as pools for various tokens to be used (These tokens are called “Assets” when used
by the Company). The various items on the Company Board are as follows:
1.
2.
3.
4.

5.
6.
7.
8.

Name of Company/Organization
Online Handle
Capital
Systems
1. Server Health
2. IT Infrastructure
3. AI Processing Level
Assets Pool
Contracts Pool
Active Orders
Number of Employees

The Company Board will try it's best to represent the building that is occupied by the Company,
whether large or small. Sometimes, Active Orders will authorize the infiltration of certain facilities in
secret, and these boards will have to be spawned in the situation according to the scenario at hand.
There will be no stats board required for these places, but when Servers or Hardware are being
manipulated there will be cards drawn from the appropriate decks and placed in play somewhere
nearby. To successfully infiltrate you will need to satisfy 2 of these cards and then do your trick. When
the task is done and escape made successfully, remove the Active Order token from the pool.
Hopefully Law Enforcement doesn't catch you!

Map Boards
These boards are spawned into play at different times in the game's playing. For example, the World
Map board is in play for the entire game, whereas Domiciles are not. In either case, every Character
starts with a Domicile, some of which are custom to the player. For example, one Character has an
escape route in his 1 Bedroom Apartment, but another Character does not, though they both use the
same Map Board for their Domicile. A token is placed in a spot on the board to represent the escape
route.
As for the World Map board, when you have certain influence generated by the organization you are in,
it will be represented on this board. When you are promoting your final project, the success of it will
be represented on this board. Gaining the ability to have your project installed in all countries on this
Map Board will win the game. Failing to achieve this will be the end of the game as well.

Units and Tokens
Units are objects that are moved around on the various Map Boards in the game. They represent
various actors in the game, such as yourself, a Crewmate or an enemy Hacker. When you are in a
place, a Map Board will be spawned, and you interact with the things inside to generate different
effects on the Character Sheet, among other things like facilitating the ends of a Card played. When
Units interact with the Map Board, they are required to plug in different variables on the Game App.
Follow the instructions on the Game App after inputting the variables to determine the next course of
action. Sometimes, your Crewmates will appear on the Map Boards, but they are removed from play
when not in use.
Tokens are used to represent various things in the game. Some of them go into the Pools located on the
Character Sheets and Company Boards, some of them are placed on the Map Boards in play. They are
as follows:
1. Pools Tokens
1. Contract Token
2. Sofa Token
3. TV Token
4. Smartphone Token
5. Laptop Token
6. Computer Token
7. Server Token
8. Security Camera Token
9. Vehicle Token
10. Weapon Token
11. Chair Token
12. Bed Token
13. Bike Token
14. AI Assistant Token
15. Webcam Token
16. Microphone Token
17. Headset Token
18. Game System Token
19. Movie Player Token
20. Mining Rig Token
21. VR Headset Token
22. Bookshelf Token
2. Map Board Tokens
1. Project Injection Token
2. Company Token
3. Law Enforcement Threat Token
4. Government Office Token
5. Government Assembly Building Token

Overlay Tiles
Overlay Tiles represent different scenario's that are occurring in the world and must be noted at many
times during gameplay. Sometimes these Tiles will never change for you, and that is normal. Other
times, these Tiles will be exchanged for others or added to the count of placed Tiles. They are all
numbered for clarity's sake. Their descriptions can be found below.

Server Room
This room is very important. Somewhere, either on Company premises or in the Domicile, there will
be one or more Server Rooms. These areas contain any number of Servers or Mining Rigs that are
owned by the Character through the Company or otherwise. These areas become targets of Hackers
and Law Enforcement Agencies for various in game things, and they can become your target as well.
To engage with a Server Room, you must complete the tasks that are required to gain entry into it.
These tasks can be found in the Server Room Deck, choosing the appropriate Server Room conditions
as is required by the task you are completing. The difficulty of manipulating this Server Room will be
indicated on the Card. When you deploy a Map Board that represents the floor or building the Server
Room is located in, a Server Token will be placed in the rooms where there are Servers located. You
must move to this room and use the Game App to interact with the Server.
When you place Malware on the Server, the Game App will notify you when the Malware has become
detected by the Company or Law Enforcement Agencies, or when certain activity that you flag has
occurred. You can use this information to develop your Company in some way, gaining intelligence on
your target. Also, sometimes larger Adults cannot fit into various spaces to do the job, whereas
younger people might be able to slip in between small spaces to install Malware.

The Ghazarkhan
This game features a controlling entity called The Ghazarkhan. They are a corrupt society secretly
ruling the world from the shadows, and this you discover through certain events in the game. You can
decide to fight them or ignore them, but if you are invited into their circle other things will happen if
you refuse to join. There is no requirement to join, only that the game difficulty gets harder.
The Ghazarkhan do not have any tokens but will appear randomly throughout the game as an internal
mechanic. The Game App will report any of this activity for you, according to your Gameplay Seed.
This enemy can send Hackers, Government Agents or Law Enforcement Officers to your Domicile or
Company Premises to do various things. Sometimes they will appear as regular inspectors, sometimes
as other types of agents. Occasionally, a Hacker might be sent to manipulate your Servers, but you can
be paranoid in advance if you see the signs that something may or may not happen. The Game App wil
notify you of all events that are suspect enough to warrant the chance that a Hacker will appear on the
right Map Board. You must control the Hacker Unit yourself and make it do the tasks required by the
Game App or in game rules.

Domicile and Company Premises
There are two Map Boards which are permanent once placed, but can be changed when the game calls
for it. They are the Domicile Map Board, and the Company Premises Map Board. Sometimes game
instructions will tell you what to do on each of these Map Boards, sometimes the Game App will do
that. Let's go over the individual Map Boards here:
1. Domicile – There are a variety of these, from rooming houses, 1 bedroom apartments and
trailers to luxurious mansions and Country Villa's. They are usually 1 floor or more, depending
on the structure. This is where the Character sleeps, and he or she will have to come here at
some point to rest and entertain.
2. Company Premises – There are multiple single level buildings in this set, some of which are
offsite locations, and many are multi-floor establishments that span many floors (Only relevant
ones will be shown in the set). Eventually, this is where most of the work for your Company
will be done, and is where many of the Units that represent people will be housed for use in
game.

Mining Rigs
Mining Rigs are items you can buy that add to your pool of Assets, either on the Character Sheet, the
Company Board or the relevant Map Board. The Game App will tell you when they become
overheated, suddenly go offline, or generate a successful guess in the blockchain. Bitcoin will be
added to your overall total, and you will be able to exchange it for cash at a time of choosing. The
Game App will determine the current value of the individual Bitcoin or Satoshi's you own.

Money and Items
Money itself has an entertainment value that increases Satisfaction, which will increase Happiness
overall at various points in the game. It can be used to buy Items, which add to your Asset Pool on
either the Character Sheet or the Company Board. The item you own may or may not be represented
with a Token on the respective Map Board currently spawned, in a fixed position or having multiple
positions which do different things.
Items can be bought at shops, just draw a few Shop Cards to see what you looked at and choose from
the selection for the amount of money requested. Notify the Game App that this happened so that Law
Enforcement and other variables can be generated in it for use later.

Starting the Company
Most of the Characters have a Job, and some in fact own a Company of their own already. This
Company Board will be spawned at the beginning of the game, but if your employees cannot relate to
your new ambition of making a worldwide IT security project, then you will be forced to concede and
resign your position in favour of the new venture, otherwise you're just kicking the rock down the road
for no reason (Not even an entertaining one).
The Game App will know what to do when you declare the formation of a new Company. Firstly, you
will have to register the Company Name with the registry, and if the Company Name has already been
taken in the system you will have to choose a different one. This is generated at random by the Game
App, but once you have a Company Name it will be added to the registry for future games.
Sometimes, the Company will fail, and this does not lose you the game. You must make it to the end of
the Turn Counter in order to beat the game, as well as have your project installed in all countries on the
World Map Board. At the End of the Turn Counter, the Ghazarkhan will have launched a massive Debt
Reset scheme that included the takedown of several major banks across the world, forcing the hand of
nations to do exactly that. There is intelligence in the game that can be found to point to this, but you
cannot use that knowledge until that comes your way. In that way, this knowledge is not enough to
save you from that ignorance when it comes to what the Game App will do about it. At any rate, you
are able to start a new company from scratch again if time permits.
Once a Company has been started, the Project Idea cards can be drawn when you initiate a Company
Meeting. Tell the Game App that you have sent an email to your employees regarding the meeting, if it
is the first meeting, and follow the steps provided by it on the respective boards. You will have to
choose the E-mail from a List, unless you have the ability to draw Skilled Writing cards, in which case
you choose from the deck for the appropriate card and play it, informing the Game App which card you
used. This tactic will be employed many times.
When the meeting is established, you search for a Project Idea for each employee at the meeting. You
can choose any number of Cards to investigate afterwards, but they will all have a cost printed on the
Card and that will have to be compensated for. Unused ideas will be placed to the side for use in future
meetings, opting to have discussion on an existing idea or coming up with another one (Drawing
another card of choice per employee at the meeting). All Cards drawn must be registered in the Game
App by the number printed in the bottom right of the Card so that the game knows how to interact with
that newly formed knowledge, in the event of espionage.
You can also take time to buy Asset Pool Tokens, and place them either in the Domicile or Company
Premises Map Board(s). In the case of the Former, doing this in the name of the Company might be
seen as corruption, and so the Corruption counter is increased on the Company Board by 1 point each
time this happens. The Game App will replicate real world events that simulate the outcome of this
evidence against the Company through a variety of methods. In the case that you used company funds
appropriately, do no such thing. This will keep Law Enforcement at bay as well, not just the
Ghazarkhan, though they will only do a different thing knowing what you did when you register the
Asset Pool Token.
Finally, when Project Idea's are selected, you may have meetings with specialists in the Company to
execute the tasks on the card. Select the Constructive Concept card that matches the outcome of the
Project Idea card, and continue to build on it for the cost of the task at hand. Eventually, you will have

to draw a Server Status card, which you will place in the Server pool on Server 1 on the Company
Board. Add Server Slots from the pool for each additional Server you own. When you draw this card,
increase the total amount of money gained per turn as per the Capital slot on the Company Board.
When you have 1 or more Project Ideas fully grown, you can choose to launch your company
worldwide. The amount of Project Ideas that you constructed will have an impact on your overall
success, and you will have to sustain your success through the turbulent winds of regulation and
investigation into all your affairs once the project is installed in certain countries on the World Map
Board. The Game App will tell you when to replicate these events, and which Card to draw from the
appropriate decks.
If the game ends and your project is installed worldwide, it will stop the incursion generated by the end
game sequence in a small or large way. That amount does not matter, but it will just be a novelty
knowledge which is generated for use in future games of the AstraTechnica type. We will choose the
best attempts, and try to fit them into one timeline for a new expansion, to be determined later. This
expansion will be multiplayer.

Investment
At times, you can be an investor to generate funds or gather investment funds from other companies,
even others who are currently playing the same game as you in other areas. The Game App will help
you determine both, but lets describe them below.
Firstly, as for being an investor, you draw from the Investment Deck a card of your choice, as they all
have benefits and risks. Register this choice with the Game App so that it can determine what to do at
the right time. It will send you a notification as to the progress you glean through phone calls and
emails or texts and reports. Eventually your investment will come to fruition, and you will reap the
benefits or losses of your investment as per game variables, not by random.
As for generating Investment, you must register your Project Ideas that you have with the Investor you
choose at a meeting, and depending on how you interact with the Game App at this time, you will gain
Investment Capital. You can use this to sustain new Project Ideas or Constructed Concepts in the
Company, and pay back the Investor plus gaining a profit. If you do not, you go into debt and this will
be solved by the seizing of assets. Remove X number of Asset Pool Tokens as per the requirement to
pay back the loan, or suffer a collection agency howling down your throat every so many turns, as well
as a potential lawsuit if you do not respond to the Investor.

Digital Security Technologies
When you draw Server Event Cards, there will be a check made. If you have any DST Cards in play,
each event taking place on the Server, Computer, Laptop, Smartphone or Mining Rig in question will
have to interact with the variables on the DST Card that takes precedent. For example, in the case of an
attack, the DST card will mitigate the effects in some way, or nullify the attack completely. In the case
of normal traffic, the DST card will modify the variables in the Game App which will determine the
overheating or general wear on the Asset Pool Token that accumulates over time.
These DST cards, once registered with an investor, might even open up doors for more investment, if
the current one can be paid back in an expedient manner. It all depends on the game variables set by
the Investment Company chosen to make investment deals with.

Law Enforcement
Law Enforcement can either be with you or against you. For example, since you cannot be maliciously
attacking companies for any other reason than to investigate and counter the moves made by the
Ghazarkhan, these actions might be interpreted differently by different people. The Ghazarkhan might
notice and ignore you, whereas Law Enforcement, once catching a whiff of you, will investigate you,
and you may have to clean up and ditch your Domicile or Company Premises board entirely. They will
remain in play until the Game App notifies you that all relevant game events have been resolved with
it.
Law Enforcement investigations also determine certain laws that will be passed. Draw the relevant
card called for by the Game App from the Investigations deck, and resolve the issues therein. If it
deems that you draw a Law type card, draw from the appropriate deck as determined by the country, or
countries, you are operating in and keep it in play until resolved over time by the Game App, which
will replicate a proceedings in the Government Assembly buildings for you to check on when
completed. If you are called to testify at such a proceeding, you will have to respond in situ with the
Game App, which will read the text of the Representatives statements. You will have to respond via
speech somehow so that the Game App can detect live whether you are deflecting from the subject or
getting to the meat and potatoes of the argument. Some Representatives will lash out for that, others
will stand still and some will have your back. Inevitably, your responses will have to be reflective of
the game variables in every way, and if that cannot be done then the Game App will tell you whether it
could be understood by the AI or not. If not, select try again and the Representative will repeat their
statement, at which point you respond again. If too many attempts are made, the Representative will
treat it as though you deflected again with nonsense, but you can petition the game that you made every
statement validly and there was no error based on it's results generated upon demand at the time of the
problem. If that happens and you still defer the Game App decision, another Representative will come
to your aid and that Representatives statements will take priority in the game itself, helping you in this
time of difficulty.
If you fail to appear for a proceeding, Law Enforcement will try to apprehend you, and this attempt at
hiding from them will only add to the Corruption track on the Company Board. If you fight them, they
may certainly kill you, and the game will end, depending on what you did. When they do take you into
custody, the location you are housed in will be spawned in the game, and your Unit will be placed there
in the appropriate spot. The belongings on your person will be collected, some not represented by
Asset Pool Tokens, and be stored nearby for access. If the corruption level of a country is high, there is
a chance that your goods will be stolen, to be emulated in game. Sometimes you will not be detained
for long, so this may not take place in full every time.

Government and Laws
The game features many governments and legislative bodies that you will interact with on a daily basis.
There are only Federal Governments represented by pieces placed on the World Map Board, but
certainly some Law cards will act to represent times when local laws apply, as selected by the Game
App at the right time.
The Federal Government will be continuously acting on in game variables to determine it's next course
of action, and is meant to be an additional form of challenge for the player. Using the new rules, he or
she may have to abandon current Tasks underway in the company to become compliant with new laws
issued.

Hackers
There is a unique challenge to the game as you start your Company, in the form of Hackers attempting
to steal information and do damage to your Asset Pool Tokens. Sometimes their Unit spawns on an
appropriate Map Board, and you have to play out the actions dictated by the Game App. The Unit will
try to interact with a Server Room and hide their actions the best they can, but they always leave
evidence for Law Enforcement.

Card Decks
This game relies on the use of drawing Cards to complete certain functions of the game. All Card
decks are searched through for the card desired, and no card requires the roll of a die to complete it's
task. If variables beyond the scope of the board need to be introduced, they will be done so through the
Game App.
The Card Decks and their descriptions are as follows:
1. Project Idea Cards – These cards have a colour coding which makes them compatible with other
Constructed Concept and/or Server Status Cards. They contain basic ideas which will generate
revenue and have a cost associated with them as well. Play these cards and keep them in play
until the Constructed Concept Cards have been played on it, at which time the two sets of cards
will be removed from play and a Server Status card will be drawn to your hand for future use.
2. Constructed Concept Cards – These cards are also colour coded so that you can combine
different types together in certain ways to execute a function. When the task has been
completed on the Card for the cost provided, remove these Cards and the Project Idea Card(s)
from play and take a Server Status card into your hand.
3. Server Status Cards – These are the final products of your tasks. They are colour coded to
match the various Constructed Concept and Project Idea Cards. Once taken into hand, they can
be played on a Server of choice. Remove the Constructed Concept and Project Idea Cards from
play when you redeem this card.
4. Law Cards – At certain times, Government Assembly Buildings will host sessions where laws
are passed, and the appropriate Law Card will be drawn at the right time and placed somewhere
nearby, in play. Instructions on the card must be obeyed, and the Game App will tell you when
to place a Law Card into play. There are multiple Law Decks representing each country in the
game with a Government Assembly Building
5. Action Cards – These cards are used to proceed across various Map Boards in the game, and
will exercise various functions like Entertainment, Hacking, Stealth and Noise, as well as other
things. A player will draw these cards before all actions taken on a Map Board, and cannot be
drawn unless otherwise provided for by Creativity. At any rate, play the Card on the board and
inform the Game App that the Action card is in play. You may choose to use this action once
per turn in the round generated on the Map Board.
6. Investor Cards – These cards are chosen from like any other, in that you must select the
appropriate investor with the right requirements and benefit ratio in order to progress your
company further. You must pay back all loans incurred, so these cards will remain in play until
the loan is paid back, at which time you can borrow from the same Investor or discard the card
in favour of another.
7. Venture Cards – These are little bonuses to your stats which are generated by ventures outside
of the Domicile. So, as for choosing a food shop from the cards, you will remove some Hunger
points from the tracker for using this card. You may only choose 2 Venture cards per turn, as
you choose them. Let the Game App know which card you drew so it can calculate it's
variables.

8. Internal Investigation Cards – These cards are used when Corruption in the company goes up.
You can determine various things from the cards chosen, and gain bonuses for resolving certain
issues that come up with your selected card. Sometimes, you can choose these cards in relation
to other Action Cards chosen, at which point you continue the chain if necessary.
9. Event Cards – These are drawn at the beginning of the game, and as the Game App determines
them to be drawn. When it tells you to draw a Card of this type, place it in play but do not
resolve it until the others have been. Proceed to resolve them in order, as you place them in
order. If there is ever a conflict with two event cards proceeding one after the other, then the
Game App is petitioned for a new Event Card, and the current one discarded.

Phone Application
In this game there is a Game App which helps you and dictates certain functions of the game. There
are multiple ways to interact with this Game App, and it's responses will be described below:
1. Start a Company – You can start a Company at any time, but whether you have the right
resources to do it will determine your success overall. Initiate the Start Company function in
the Game App, then begin to fill in the Fields provided to register it. This will load the
Company into the current world of Companies, and you can interact with them if they are on the
same Game Server. Use the Market function to see which Asset Pool Tokens are available for
sale, or post your own. Other Companies can also be Investors if chosen, take the Investor
Wildcard from the deck for each Investor chosen in this way, placing a General Counter token
numbered 1-7 on it representing the Investor chosen. Tell the Game App which Token was used
for each Investor.
2. Manage Company – Start meetings, generate impromptu Project Ideas, provide Government
Reports, do internal Investigations with Internal Investigation Cards, install your idea in other
Countries, hire/fire Employees, generate Investor capital.
3. Market – Interact with other players in the same Game Server to buy or sell, and also generate
Investor deals.
4. Government – See Government discourse, reports, full text of laws, Government liasons,
Internal conflict status, as well as attend meetings generated by the Game App.
5. Servers – All active servers either in the Domicile or in the Company Premises Map Boards will
be registered here, and all activity that you can access will be posted here as well in the form of
internal reports. Internal reports must be generated by active Employees, or yourself when the
time comes up. The Game App will notify you when it is time to compile a report from the
available data. Registering all Server Status cards of all types will be done here as well.
6. Map Boards – Register and look at certain events taking place on your Map Boards as they
proceed to emerge. Some things do not have to be registered in the Game App, but you can
freely report about these things in reports. Place noise and other tokens in the appropriate spots
when dictated by the Game App.
7. Other Internal Mechanics – Nothing is secretly done in this game, but there are limits to what
you can know overall at certain times given your investigation status. Any game mechanics
which dictated something ALREADY done in the game will be posted here, so that there is no
discrepancy with randomness being generated by the game. Everything is simulated and
controlled by the Game App.

Assassinations
Occasionally, certain Units placed on Map Boards or elsewhere for the meantime will be subject to the
rule of Assassination. Place the Assassin unit and spawn the appropriate Map Board when told to, as
well as any Asset Pool Tokens on the Map Board, and complete the tasks instituted by the Game App.
Sometimes the sender will be Ghazarkhan, sometimes it will be rival companies, or even the
Government of a country if you are in disfavour with them enough. You cannot send Assassins
yourself in this game, but you can certainly defend against them with illegal traps. You will have to
sanitize the scene if you do this but it can be done.
When you get Assassinated, you can start again with another Character, setting up the appropriate
boards and informing the Game App that you died and selected a new character. The turn counter will
not change it's position unless you abandon the game completely. There will be lessons that can be
learned from the prior Company's attempt at project management, and you might even potentially be
seen as a candidate for that Company's management in the aftermath of that attack.

Game Time Management
Firstly, the game materials will need to be set up. The steps to do this are as follows:
1. Place the World Map Board in a central location.
2. Take the Government Assembly Buildings and place them on the World Map Board.
3. Choose a Character and place his or her Domicile Board and/or Company Premises Board next
to the World Map Board.
4. Place a Character Sheet belonging to your character nearby within reach.
5. Place all the Card Decks in a row above the World map Board, making room for discard piles.
6. Place all Asset Pool Tokens and unused Units in a spot near the Card Decks.
7. Register all game starting variables with the Game App.
8. Follow the instructions for the placement of your Characters Unit.
9. Draw 3 Event Cards, choose an order for them to be played in, and place them in play
somewhere nearby.
10. Register the Event Cards chosen for play in the Game App.
Following this, there are steps for normal gameplay and steps when you are running a company. The
step procedures will be described below:
•

Normal Gameplay (No Company)
1. Follow the immediate instructions of the current Event Card.
2. Choose one of the following:
1. Resolve an Event Card
2. Move your Unit
3. Interact with Asset Pool Tokens
4. Draw a Project Idea Card to your hand.
5. Draw a Venture Card and play it.
3. Choose any of the following:
1. Start a Company.
2. Choose an Investor Card and fill it's requirements.
3. Use the Market function on the Game App to buy/sell Asset Pool Tokens.
4. Review Government and Company reports.
5. Load/Unload Server Status Cards onto active Servers.
6. Apply to place a Project Token on the World Map Board.

•

Special Gameplay (With Company)
1. Add Step 4, Select “Investigate Ghazarkhan” in the Game App. Place the appropriate

Map Boards into play, and place all required Units and Asset Pool Tokens on them.
Complete the objective given by the Game App and discard all pieces.
2. Add another option to Step 3, Select “Review Investigations” in the Game App.
The Turn Counter will be adjusted every time all required Game Components have been emulated by
the Game App. It will notify you when to adjust the Turn Counter, and these actions can only be done
once per turn. You must wait until the Turn Counter has been increased to do more of the same.

