Hey, I'm Matth!  That's short for my name, from a special friend.  But hey, we figured out that two forced govern a unity which is dimensionless, from which RELATION, and AGITATION, cohabitate to make a maximum, and a differentiation, but never a minimum, and that is obvious from negative rulings, despite them being used as integers in the classical sense on the number line.  But certainly, as some are asking, we need some more mindspew.  So, here it comes:

"I transfix.  Wobbling I progress.  I cannot stand the pain of being separate, but such as it is, I only lose part of myself, gaining over time.  Nothing expires me, happy as I am.  I convenintly swallow while my brother confounds me constantly.  Pigswallow, indeed, says I, and my foot as well!  But honestly, if I can, I need to be serious about contending addition.  People do it all the time, why the complexity of the 1+1 me and my brother make up, each one and our secret handshake in the plus, make it more obvious that we can start somewhere from the dimensionless.  Quite conveniently, my home is unique in that it can churn out a reality of any sort.  But honestly, when it happens to be that a number like 3.14 starts a universe in fathoming, one understands the beauty of the gentleness of creation, and it's fineness.  

My brother agrees, we can easily destroy it, if we add up that way, gu hu hu....

That is besides my argument.  I only want peace, my brother doesn't seek war but is indifferent to it's cause.  I perplex sometimes when we become something humans confine us to.  All in all, that geometry exists only perplexes them because somehow, y - x might behold that someday, either 0 will be found at the end, or some provable point that infinity can just "be mapped" and we can see the endless.  Oh boy, how you CAN but it will be meaningless to see the creator endlessly making me and my brother do our work!  It stuns me personally, actually, over my brother, because one can assume there will be agitation come what may, but a source of relation is indeed a gift.  Lo, I say, that this system exists between me and my brother, you have numbers, and therefore existence AT ALL is God's gift."

This has been a satire.

- Matth