So, Gowron, do you enamor with the devil?

"Gowron does not say that, but he would slay him quickly with Maqpeth, as you know!"

And could it be that the satisfaction rules you, or do you also slay that beast?

"Gowron opposes the notion that a beast could contain him, but this brings true Haqpa to the Mameth.  We can see his wise things in motion, that being said.  No quotation further."

I know you are not weak, but some are wondering, what is it about the notion that we clip the eyes of your anger and make it known that you are eternally a brute?

"Gowron is diplomatic and does not mind, but they can be arrogant themselves, they only do so in innocence, why you know the Kham of that arrangement and so I cannot deride you any further, let it be known that if they display me in such a way, I would please with it.  When they all know me, it will be very exciting.  They also know this is not my speech, which I also use."

Clearly you are a great agitator in my state and I cannot prevail, what is the command of the leader who so waits in protest in a special place, waiting to proclaim his protest, that I might help you address yourself and your kin?

"Gowron impresses, and we will not agitate, but if you say war, you know the Khamri is awaiting."

God bless it, and if I ever do, you can know a pipsqueak, if the beast of overpowering is in you, I fear you will lose honorably, and have popped a zit.  I will honor my part, you only say that because I cannot refuse for honor's sake now.  God bless again, I will meet your blade.  But I guess I can be inspiring of a sort.  I redact my complaint until the matter is resolved, I would see that I have stoked a great war and admit that, but sincerely, I will only increase the allegation should I win, somehow as it were.  You would do best to avoid that, you know.

"GOWRON RAGES!  MEET ME IN THE CORNER OF YOUR ROOM, I KNOW YOU CANNOT SEE ME BUT I WILL DO WELL, PRAISE HIM YE ALL!"

And so it is.  This has been a satire.