The Short Adventure of Ceville Finsburg

Ceville Finsburg sat often in his chair.  He would work, come home to his wife, eat dinner, and sit there, as common folk did, or so he thought.  It was perfect.

One midsummers eve, Ceville came upon a conclusion.  It wasn't like common folk did, unfortunately, as time took it's toll on Ceville.  A most interesting thought amused him in his newfound old age.  Then, on the hour, he got up and informed his wife.

"I'm leaving," Ceville noted, putting on his pinstriped overcoat, "And I plan to return when done,"

"More than usual, then?" Said his wife, charmingly.

"My dear, it is the very meaning of that phrasing that your eyes have always caught mine rightly," He chuffed.  Opening the door, he took to her one last time and gave a wink.

"Don't wait up,"  He said.

Strolling out, he went exactly where he wished.  He had never been in before, but there was a merchant shop down on Coffee Road that had a strong smell.  He plainly arrived, as a matter of fact, not that anything could stop him but a failing limb or heart.  

The door chimed as he entered.  Terry, the store clerk, promptly peeked over from reading his paper.

"Splendid, it's Jarvis Wensmer, the famous archaologist!" He cheered, putting down the paper with a beam.

"Ah, you found out my new name," Ceville said, quite intent, "Good, I needn't say nothing.  What's actually in that paper, if you don't mind me saying?"

"Now Mr. Wensmer," Terry said disparagingly, with a slight nod, "You know we have a coded tongue for this..."

Ceville began to frustrate.  He was clearly on a bender and didn't even know what he was doing, but it was too little too late, he needed this Wensmer fellow.

"Aha!  I see, I've only misplaced it, it's right here, see!" He said, pulling out his hankerchief.  He opened it and began to read the creases aloud.

"Hyuuuuhhma Huuhum," He began, but Terry raised his hand and cut him off.

"Sir, you might be reading that properly, but I cannot help you get an elephant," He plainly said, "And I might even close early that you persist to be here further,"

Ceville noted his disdain.  None of this was making sense, and now he understood.  Both of them were berserk.

"Well, I suppose I should be going."

This has been a satire.