Full text of "The Black Deeds Of The Kremlin A White Book — The Great Famine In Ukraine In 1932 1933 By S. O. Pidhainy V. I. Hryshko P. P. Pavlovych Vol 2"


The World Federation of Ukrainian Former Political 
Prisoners and Victims of the Soviet Regime 


THE BLACK DEEDS 
OF THE KREMLIN 


A WHITE BOOK 


Vol. 2 


THE GREAT F. AMINE 





Copyright 


Printed for the 
FUP 
The World Federation of Ukrainian Former Political 
Prisoners and Vietims of the Soviet Regime 











Globe Press | Detroit 1955 


EDITORIAL BOARD 


У. 1. Hryshko, Р. P. Pavlovych 
S. O. Pidbainy — Editor-in-chief 


PREFACE 


The second volume of "The Black Deed of the Kremlin, 
a White Book" is devoted to solely one theme, the preparation 
and realization of a terrible famine in the Ukraine in the years 
1932-1933, the so-called organized famine. The term "organized 
famine" did not originate with us, the former victims of the Bol- 
shevik terror, but with the well-known American journalist 
W. H. Chamberlin who witnessed this terrible form of terror, 
the tragedy lived through by the Ukrainians during the years 
1932-1933. 

The second volume is being published by The Democratic 
Organization of Ukrainians Formerly Persecuted by the Soviet 
Regime — DOBRUS, in the USA- The first volume of this work 
was published in Canada by The Ukrainian Association of 
Victims of the Russian Communist Terror, SUZERO. 

DOBRUS and SUZERO are organizations with identical 
aims and are part of the World Federation of Ukrainian Former 
Political Prisoners and Victims of the Soviet Regime, FUP, 
together with a number of other organizations in every part of 
the world which desire to supply first-hand information on the 
theory and practice of Communism in the Soviet Union. 

The first volume of “The Black Deeds of the Kremlin” 
was highly thought of by the public and was accepted as 
documentary evidence by the Committee on Communist Aggre- 
ssion, headed by Representative Charles J. Kersten of Wis- 
consin. 

We hope that the publication of studies and of a mass of 
documents dealing with this crime committed by the Moscow 
clique will help to open a window for those who wish to know 
the true face of Communism. 

The great work of Dr. Ivan V. Dubynets (Dubyna), who 
died so tragically (see below) forms the basis of this volume. 
The introduction is the work of Dr. Petro Dolyna, commissioned 
and financed by the Research Group of the UHVR. 

The illustrative materials came from the archives of 





у 


SUZERO and of DOBRUS, from Mr. K. Lysiuk, director of 
the Ukrainian National Museum in California, USA and from 
Mr. O. Kalynyk, the author of "Communism, the Enemy of 
Mankind,” published by the youth organization SUM. 

The costs of publication of the second volume, like those of 
the first one, are being borne by Ukrainian patriots, especially, 
the former victims of Communist tyranny who, workers and 
farmers, not only contributed their testimonies and materials 
but also made generous contributions from their hard-won 
savings. The list of those donating $ 100 or more will be found 
at the back of the book. 

On behalf of the World Federation of Ukrainian Former 
Political Prisoners and Victims of the Soviet Regime, FUP, and 
of the Editorial Board, I find it my pleasant duty to express 
thanks to all the contributors and to all those other persons and 
crganizations who have helped to fulfil this wark. 

3. О. PIDHAINY 


INTRODUCTION 


In the communists' political warfare against the West, 
they constantly attack the Free World for its “colonialism”. 
Unfortunately, the West has been on the defensive with regard 
to this issue as Kremlin leaders cavort through Asia charging 
us with “imperialism” and “colonialism”. 

The communists are mortally vulnerable on the charge of 
“Red Colonialism”. They are therefore greatly concerned 
that the West will turn the spotlight into the Soviet orbit to 
show where the real colonialism of today actually exists. The 
communists are very sensitive on this issue. 

That is why this book is very important in showing the 
Russian communist enslavement of Ukraine, a civilized nation 
entitled to its independence and freedom and in deadly struggle 
to maintain its existence against the Russian communist 
oppression that seeks to exterminate its traditions, culture and 
all the national characteristics of a great people. 


The struggle between the forces of life and death in the 
Ukraine has continued through the years because the people of 
the Ukrainian nation love their land. They are close to their 
land which God has endowed with a richness to produce the 
fruits of the earth. Being close to their land, they know the 
eternal truths. They know the Creator. They know the 
spiritual as well as the material. Stalin was sincere when, 
during the war, he said he was having more trouble with the 
peasants in the collectivization program than he was having 
with Hitler. The casualties of the man-made famine in the 
Ukraine are grim testimony of the deadly nature of the struggle 
between Russian communist imperialism and the independent 


мп 


Ukrainian farmer. As yet the world knows very little of the 
intensity of that struggle which still goes on. It is very hard 
to kill the human spirit. 

When an historian of the 21st Century looks back to 
find the basic cause of the breakup of communist imperialism, 
he will very likely look upon the resistance in the Ukraine as 
a major factor. This book documents much of that resistance 
and will valuable to the historian of the future to ascertain 
why communism failed. 

CHARLES 1. KERSTEN. 


vim 


CONTENTS 


S. O. Pidhainy — Preface v 
Charles J, Kersten — Introduction vit 


Petro Dolyna 


FAMINE AS POLITICAL WEAPON 


INTRODUCTION = 
a Ukraine's place in the world . r 
b) Ukraine's place in the soviet political and econo- 
mie system i. sse 
1. Period of armed conflict (1918 — 1920). ... 
2. Period of the new economic policy (1921 — 1928). 
3. The beginning of forced collectivization. ... 


















CHAPTER 1 Wand. 198; 
Planning and preparation of the famine 29 
CHAPTER cena 67 
Organizing the famine . 67 
CHAPTER IL... e MS 
Consequences of the famine . . M9 
Material and sources utilized in this work... . 134 


Ivan Dubynets 


THE GREAT FAMINE IN UKRAIN! 
IN 1932-1933 








Ivan Dubynets — A Memorial ... eae a 1d 
CHAPTER L. у . M3 
The village "active" and the "thousanders . 143 


Origin of the grain-collecting "actives". Resolution of 
the Central Committee of the Communist ее ot. 
July 29, 1929. . 2144 
They rob and drink a 145 

Stepan Kavun Sadist — government representatives . M5 
They criticize the poor for their passiveness ..... .. 146 





They blame the committee of poor farmers for in- 








activity .. . 146 
‘The government mobilizes robbers . 147 
Help from Moscow... to rob .. . M8 





The party and the town take over the village ... 148 








‘The 25-thousanders ......... 149 
Preparing the 25- thousanders е 150 
CHAPTER IL. 153 
De-kurkulization and deportation of the de-kurkul- 

ized ...... 153 
The kurkuls and midle farmers 155 








Resolution of the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet and the 
Council of People's Commissary of July 3, 1929 . 156 




















Severe punishment is threatened sss 157 
Pressure on the kurkuls is demanded 157 
Warning in the July 3rd resolution of the Ukrainian 
Executive Committee " DET 
The kurkuls are being liquidated 159 
The guilty are sought at the bottom. a 161 
Robbery and expropriation according to Moscow re- 
gulations 162 
V. Shynkol — Devastation of the village of Novo-Pavliwka 163 
Yavdokym Bondar — The de-kurkulized who died in exile aes 
Р. 3. The de-kurkulized in the village of Dubovychi 165 
Е. Pravoberezhny — Each village to "give" fifty kurkuls 167 
Hirchakivets — 18 per cent were de-kurkulized ....... 168 
P.Nesor—  De-kurkulization in the village of Shamrayiwka 169 
Maria Nazarets — How the collective farm in the village of Hubske was 
organized А 2190 
Zhornoklivets — 260 people from Zhornoklovy sent to concentration 
camps . АВЕ Y 
Taras Yakymenko — They ruined model farms ees i) 
А. Kolodke — — De-kurkulizing the village of Verkhovytsya . M6 
А. Вошеп — Thrown out of home on Christmas Eve горо 8 
То a hole in a cliff and the Urals TD 
Ivan Klymko — They threw the children into the snow . . 190 





1. Naddnistrovy — A father sent to Siberia, the children forced to beg .. 180 











P.Meshovy — Опе step off the trail and you will be shot ..... ... 182 
Ivan Klymko — The de-kurkulized in Arkhangelsk Н 185 
P. Volobodsky — Armed guards surrounded the village . . 185 
А. Romen — Ukrainians sent to the Urals for physical extermi 
tion 186 
Е. Pravoberezhny — Churches in Vologda become shelters for the de- 
kurkulized ..... Meere . 189 





А. Romen — Physical destruction in the taiga . ..... "E d 





Andriy Kolodko — The de-kurkulized — special settlers : . 191 
P. Volohodsky — The de-kurkulized in a concentration camp beyond 
Vologda . . 192 





L. Lavrentiy — Persecuted hy the bolsheviks, shot by the Germans ... 194 

Settling the prisoners in Sakhalin . 195 

The kurkuls flee to the towns . 196 

г — The farmers were caught, imprisoned and deported .. . 197 

Y. Bondar — Persecution of the de-kurkulized in industries . 

Y. Bondar — Abuse of workers in Donbas (Donets Basin) . 

M. Solomon — De-kurkulized youth fled to the towns 
W. Medvid — Source of the homless in the USSR. 

The homeless in the capital city .... 








CHAPTER Ш. со 5 208 
Annihilating the church and destroying religious life 205 
Anti-religious movement organized by the government 206 
The churches are closed, the bells taken down . 208 














Churches are closed and the bells shipped away 209 
Church bells for industrialization of Ukraine . 210 
The government closes churches глагола d 
Bells removed from 148 churches in Pervomaysk 

region 2:4 
Churches for community centers, bells for industry .. 216 
Closing the churches 3 217 
A complete religious program 217 
Anti-religious campaign during the christmas season 219 
Anti-religious movement in the USSR ... ..... b 


Zhornoklivets — Churches robbed and smashed А 
F. Pravoberethay — The church and religious brutality destroyed 
M. Didenko — Mockery of God without limit 
1. Buzhanyn — The Holy Martyr . 
‘The women defend the churches. 
Forced to renounce priesthood 
Renouncing the priesthood, to save their children 













The world movement to save religion in USSR... 231 
The British government on the religious situation in 

the USSR .... ces 282 
Metropolitan Alexei conceals religious persecution ... 233 
Metropolitan Sergei misleads the foreigners .......... 234 
Shifting the Маше... . 235 
Central Committee of the Communist Party corrects 

false statement of the metropolitan ... m) 
Staged demonstrations 236 


CHAPTER IV.. 
Owners’ destruction of the stock . 3 
1. Medvynets — We will kill them and eat them ourselves ............... 237 
Collectivizations is destroying livestock 
To save pedigrce calves 
15,000 horses arc destroyed 























1. Bushanyn — "Equus kolhospus” 
$. К. — Collectivization among the Kazakhs . 
S. К. — The Kazakhs slaughtered their cattle . 


CHAPTER У..... 
The ruin of co-operative trade an the poralysis of the 
distribution of consumer goods fs 
Irregularity of distribution in Kiev 
Defects in distribution to workers in Donbas . 
Distribution paralyzed everywhere . 
Bread lines at the stores . 
Disorder in the distribution of potatoes 
Supply to thc workers in a terrible state 
Supply to the workers in a bad state . 
Insanitary conditions in cafeterias 
Ruining trading in the villages 
Distribution to the villages also paralyzed ...... 
Mobilizing expenditures through co-operative shares 257 
Plans for the export of bacon are hampered ....... 258 
Export plans are hampered ..... Р] 




















CHAPTER VL. 

R. Kiyanyn — Agriculture is a hoard . 262 
The gap between market prices and contracting .. . 263 
How People’s Commissariats of Agriculture of the 
Republics were liquidated . 

Y-Bondar — Give more and more grain 
Grain collecting plan not procticable .. 266 
Grain is seized from farmers, and rots . 266 
Mis-management of produce seized from farmers ... 267 


. 261 












264 
265 

















Shortage of bags for grain . 268 
Additional robbery — a gift .. . 269 
Give the multure too . 269 
Robbed grain — gift for Moscow . cessione Bf) 
All sunflower seed for the state . n 270 
A self-imposed tax for cultural purposes .. т 
А “class” approach to teachers and students .............. 271 


xu 


CHAPTER VIL 


Complete collectivization and its downfall . 


Collectivization day .. 


No compulsion connected with collectivization 


135,000 farms are subject to destruction . 


100 per cent collectivization — October contribution 
35,000 people herded to thank the government. 


Collectivization is needed up in Odessa 


Stepping up collectivization in the Kiev region 


Complete collectivization 
Chests in collective farms too 
Collectivization fever 

















273 


. 273 
. 274 


275 
216 
216 





L раны — Collectives or the Tsar . 281 
W. Slobidsky — Driven into collective farms by GPU provocations 282 
W. Slobidsky — Forced to join collective farm by poisoning 284 
M. Kulish — Those against collectivization are enemies of the govern- 
ment . . 286 
1. Lisovsky — Forced into collective farm by executions 286 
PART П. 289 
CHAPTER 1. 291 
Retreat and collapse of collectivization . 201 
Why retreat in collectivization was necessary 392 
Dizzy with success in collectivization 293 
The Central Committee of the All-Union Communist 
Party is forced to confess . 394 
The affair in Haysyn 295 
Righting some wrongs 296 
Attempts to repair the damage . 298 
Distorters of the "party line" . 303 
S. Yaws — "Dizzy with succes" and the demolition of the collective farm 305 
1. S. — The uprising of the collective farm women 306 
M. Bohuslavsky — What occurred in the village of Zelenka 306 
Distortion of the franchise 307 
CHAPTER IL 308 
Reorganizing the forces 309 
Re-grouping and attack rather than retreat 310 
Re-grouping of forces by the Communist Party зи 
The Party and the Central Committee deviate in 
collectivization 312 
Saving prestige of the Party and the Central 
Committee 312 
Sabotage in agriculture in Ukraine 314 


How Stalin explained the failure of the collective 











farms . . 315 
Stalin speculates on Lenins theory of voluntary 
collectives ........ sate niece tte d ithe 317 
Stalin speculates on Lenin's theory concerning middle 
farmers . . 318 
F. Pravoberezhny — The return of the de-kurkulized children . 319 
Intensifying the class war . 320 





Collective farms are a hunting ground for class 











enemies .. .821 
CHAPTER Ш. E 2 . 923 
Saving distribution, trade and agricultural industries 323 
Ruining distribution they search for the guilty ........ 324 
8,000 swine die of hog cholera os 325 
Why there is no meat . . 326 

restock destroyed . . 327 














Penalties for irregular meat supply - 3 327 
No meat, milk or butter for the towns ........ 328 
1. D. —Centralized distribution .. . 330 
‘The appearance of closed distribution centers . 331 
О. Kiyanyn — What are they giving? ... . 332 
O. Kiyanyn — Go away! We are not giving anything today . . 833 
О. Kiyanyn — Speculators and black markets .333 





Gifts of merchandise to those who give all their grain 234 
Neglect of the supply to the schools ... ....... 335 
Supply of teachers was interrupted .. Loss $88 
1. Medvynets — Tsarist overcoats for Soviet footwear .. woe 337 
Yavtukh Bedzvin — All Soviet trade and collective plans were robbery 338 








Nothing for export . . 338 
1. D. — Horsetails for export . . 339 
. 340 


Collecting hides for tanneries " 
Saving the rabbit industry with rabbits and rats... .. 341 


CHAPTER IV. .. . 343 
Farmers terrorized by political and economical 
campaigns .. - E нА. oe. 943 
Increase in the yield... . 944 
P. Lykho — Estimating the yield and making the grain-colecting plans 346 
H. Sova — Grain collecting directives worked out “scientifically”... ... 347 
The grain collecting plan for 1931-32 not feasible .... 348 
Impracticable grain-collecting plans collapse ............ 349 


Impossible grain-collecting plan collapses .... . 350 
How a red partisan was robbed by the government 351 
Party's faith not justified ..... » . 351 








xiv 


В. A. — They seized all the grain them searched for more 
М. Inhulets — The affair in Zhovta 
‘Supplementary grain-collecting plans 
Stepping up grain-collecting plans 
Village reporters’ drives aid grain-collecting plans 
Plans for 1932 spring seeding 
Seed shortage in Ukraine . 
All the grain seized, none left for seed 
The race in preparation for spring seeding 
Agriculturalists are mobilized 
S. К. — “Saboteurs” .... 
Horses protected by Soviet law 
Contests and committees. 
Collapse of the spring seeding plan of 1932 . . 
Ukrainian Central Executive Committee recommends 
the creation of robbing brigades ....... 
Tax for cultural needs . А 
Surplus money must be placed in savings treasuries 371 
Another appeal for multure . 31 
Multure а part of grain-collecting plan 372 
The beet crop is in danger of not being gathered in 373 


























CHAPTER V... 
Complete collectivization 
Citizen's rights denied, products sei 
Terrorized farmers return to collective farms 
Pillage and robbery of the farmers .... 
Victims seek protection from the government 
Mobilizing schools to help collectivization .. 
F. Pravoberezhny — Molotov speeded up collectivization 
1. Уаз: — Collectivization is obligatory and “voluntary” 









1. Yawz — Driven into collective farms by Communist provocation ....... 38 
F. Pravoberezhny — If you don't sign you and your family will go to 
Siberia .. 





F, Pravoberezhny — Might as well. sign, Fedir, such is; your fate . 
Fundamentally collectivization is complete 
‘The rate of further collectivization .... 







CHAPTER МІ... 

Resistance of the farmers and ‘the women .. 
1. Z-lya. — Can you hear us, world? . s 
M. Tohobichny — Lenin did not help, all were deported .. 
M. Petrivsky — The uprising in Andriyewka . 
S. F. — What does it matter whether we die today or tommorow? 
Volohodsky — The women revolt 








‘The uprissing in Pavlohrad 
Women organize the defence ...... 
The women defend themselves against collectivization 400 
The village Soviet robs the farmers 
‘Women's opposition to collectivization . 
Kurkuls set fire to activists’ homes 
‘The kurkul terror 
Terror against grain-collecting is spreading . 
F. Pravoberezhny — A "thousander" killed with a cleaver ... 
W. Savur — A shot in retribution 
Aiding the victims 
Human conscience 
Deserter from the “ 
т. D. — Protested by hanging himself . 
Yavdokym Bondar — Suicides in the Red Army . 
Breaking machinery » 
1. Medvynets — Burn machinery rather than give it to collective farms 410 


























CHAPTER VIL . 413 
The growingcontlict between the collective farmers and 
the government, the Communist Party of Ukraine and 
the All-Union Communist Party, and between Ukrainc 














and Moscow . € ae: . 413 
‘The farmers take no interest in the work of collective 
farmers .... E A 908 
1. D. — Collective farm wheat rotted in the field... 415 
We have no kurkuls n 416 
No kurkuls in the villages EA k 418 
Ukrainian villages are short of Communists . . 419 
The Communist Party in Ukraine is purged . . 420 
Ukrainian are mistrusted, investigated and eliminated 420 
Purging the party of "Petlyurists" Jd ees ADD 
Subordinate party members hit for rightist oppor 
tunism d .em 
Subordinate communists are punished. .424 





Communists are expelled, but grain shortage 














continues . a . 426 
Expelled from the Party in connection with grain- 

collecting plans А c 407 
Shortage of grain due to rightist opportunism... .. 428 
PART III. . 431 
CHAPTER L. ee 493 
The organized preparation of the famine ....... .433 


xvi 


Excessive grain-collection plans 434 
Grain-collections from the 1932 harvest . . 435 
Extracts from W. Kubiyowich's economic geography 








of Ukraine... ... . 437 
M. Hrynko — The Party knows what it is doing 2 . 438 
The law expropriating peasant holdings .. . 439 





Members of the collective farms sentenced and 
executed ........ 
Execution of members of kolhosps (collective farms) 
Sentenced and shot for grain collections 
Guarding fields against the starving . 
Watch towers on the fields .. 
P. Onukhrienko — Young Communist killed a hungry woman 


441 
























V. Maly — Guarding collective farms from own members . ‚447 
P. Chonusky — Shot, for a handful of rye stalks . 448 
Natalka Lyutarevich — Starving people sentenced for gleaning after 
reapers 449 
H. F. — Nearly shot for taking stems of grain from her own field ........ 450 
Commercial blockade . ......... . 452 
‘The total liquidation of private trading. . 453 
Black list — hunger blockade i „ 453 
Establishment of commercial blockede . . . 455 





“Pasports — a blow against class enemies" ... ....... 457 





















The single passport system throughout USSR. 458 
Pasportization in Ukraine m . 460 

Semen Modul — Passportization — a blow against, class enemies 461 
А. Kulish — Ukrainian forbidden to live in Muscovy . 463 
Slaves anchored to work by food os 464 

4. Transportation blockade of Ukraine . о 465 

M. Didenko — Moscow cordoned from starving Ukraine 465 
T. S-ko — Travelling to Moscow for food forbidden... - oss 467 
5. Korobeynyk — Forbidden to aid the starving сезоне 468, 
T. S-ko — Molotov orders starvation . 469 
CHAPTER П ees АТ 

The struggle of Ukrainian peasants for bread «т 

Legal efforts to curtail the plans for grain-collection 471 

Kosior admits error then exculpates himself 472 

M. Sachenko — Preparing to sabotage the grain-collections plans... . 474 
B. Kinhurov — "We have no more grain” 416 
2. Illegally secretely organized sabotage .. am 





Compulsory recovery of food grain from collective 





farm members . . 418 
Communists and young Communists — organizers 
of sabotage... . . 419 


xvit 


Odessa grain-collection plans proving to be unreal ... 479 
Members of the collective form receive no pay for 
work days 
Re-threshing straw and chaff 
The struggle for grain by individual peasants 
В. L. Suslyk — Peasant inventiveness in concealing grain .... 
Domestic millstones are "kurkul flour mills.’ 
R. L. Suslyk — Construction and concealment of domestic millstones 485 
L. Pylypenko — Millet seed ground on millstones . 485 


CHAPTER Ш 
The struggle of the autorities for grain and the 
“red broom of death.” . . 487 
Representatives of central authorities witnessed the 
famine 
Ivan Kiymko — Last kernel of grain to the state . 
M. Barabash — Molotov's sojourn in the starving Ukraine .. 
Pavlo Bozhko — Kaganovich swept out even the seed-grain . 
B. A. — The central authorities were aware 
Natalka Lyutarevich — Ukrainian President Petrovsky amongst the 
starving people 
Collapse of the grain-collection plans 
Contest for fulfillment of grain-collection plans ....... 495 
Collecting multure .. А 
Persecution of individual farmers .. 
3. Re-threshing straw and the recovery of ау 
advanced grain .. 
Take the last morsel of food from the people 
‘The most backward district in collection of grain 
Re-threshing straw and chaff .. 
Fifteen per cent of grain to be advanced to collective 
farmers .. . 501 
How collective farm profits were to be distributed .... 502 
All grain over 10 per cent allowance returned 
4. Red broom brigades 
Sub-Commission of robbers 
P. Pyainychenko — Gave grain but took it back later . 
Yavtukh Bedavin — Scized grain and threatened exile 
M. Nazarets — No end to grain-collections 
R. L. Suslyk — Search for grain in pots and jugs 
А. Hirchakivets — Hearth searched for grain during the grain-collection 
campaign . 510 
Petro Kulish — Seized everything even during the famine 
Total collapse and end of grain-collections 
The government and Party concerned about the soil 
of individual farmers ......... . 513 






























































xvin 









CHAPTER IV 
Mortal famine in the Ukrainian village 
People and horses died during famine 
Desperate attempt to save horses .. 
Collective farm horses perish from lack of care 
Starving collective farm horses . 
Determined to save horses . 
Milch cows replace horses .. 
1622 per cent of the horses died during the year ...... 
2. Starving people unable to work normally on the 
fields. i . $21 
Thefts, a commonplace phenomenon 
Protection of seed and feed from the starving 
V. S. Dobrovolska — Thefts of hog feed . 
Theft of seed grain by the starving 
Starving people unable to work .. 
Starving people and horses .... 
Hungry people work on the fields . 
‘Threshed grain is distributed to starving people ...... 527 
No one to tend the beet fields ... 
No-one to weed the beed fields 
3. Grain-rich Poltava region perishing because of 
starvation . 
Ivan Klymko — Hanged his children . in 
H. F. — Famine in the village of Fediyiwka . 
P. Reshetylivaky — "To hell with you, you can all die. 
Tetyana Budko — How the Dvirko family was destroyed by faminy . 
Starving man ate meat and died E 
Natalka Liutarevich — Former merchant dead in the market .. 
Pavlo Zolotarevich — Starving mon commits suicide 
Pavlo Zolotarevich — Red partisan hangs himself А 
Natalka Zolotarevich — Mad parents starve their children .. 
Hnat Sokolovsky — 1 was a hunted man . 
Natalka Lyutarevich — Son served in Red Army while parents perish 
of starvation . В 
О. Osadchenko — “Perish — that is your way out.” . 
1. Stoyan — Village of Horoshky dying out . А 5 
L. M. — Death of mother — not sufficient reason for day off at collective 
farm ....... a 54 
Petre Kulish — No travel permit — remain here to die . . 542 
V. Maly — Mortal famine in the village of Korulky . 543 
S. Kotobeynyk — Starving people slaughter the starving ..... . 543 
Northern Caucasus, Kuban and Don region dying of 
‘starvation .. edades 
P. Peirenko — They ruined and starved Kuban 





















529 






























54 
.. 545 





546 
547 
548 


S. K, — The cnd of Pryokopna station in Kuban 
S. К. — Famine in the Salsk steppes .... 
P. M. — “Wide is my domain.” 








Yavdokym Bondar — Left children at shelter and lost them . 549 
Ivan Panasyuk — Fat commanders and hungry children .. coss $49. 
iin" child shelter dying of starvation ............ 550 














N. РоНатка — The authorities саге for children; bury them in the 

ground . . $51 
Yurko Stepovy — The tragedy of Kuban . И . 552 
Natalka Zolotarevich — We are going to bury a girl alive . .555 
Vasyl Myrutenko — "Young Communists.” . . $56 


— 1 became homeless after my parents died of starvation 557 





























Mykola Кок 
B. А. — The warehouses of the “Grain-Collection Trust” filled with 
grain .. . 558 
M. T. — People dying near the grain elevators . 559 
S. P. Kharkovenko — In the port and the markets of Kherson ...... .559 
How workers and civil servants bore the famine 560 
Pavlo Lyutarevich — Wages and prices of food during the famine . . 561 
Marla Fesenko — Famine amongst the workers of Poltava ........ 562 
Maria Fesenko — Children help parents to survive the famine ..... 562 
Pavlo Lyutarevich — How different categories of people survived the 
famine р eet ieu cu 06А 
1. D. — Open and closed commercial outlets for rural di 564 
D. Dmrirenko — Two categories of eating establishments 565 
Polikarp Kybkalo — Testimony on the famine .. . 566 
Yavdokym Bodnar — Famine around the Crimean airfield . . 567 
V. Skorenko — Some had too much food. Others died of starvation. 3568 
N. Lyubotyneky — The workers in uban centers also starved 569 
CHAPTER V В s, 
Foraging for food locally in the villages ... .8m 
Where, where to get some food 572 
Pavlo Zelotarevich — How they saved the people from starving 512 
Pavlo Bozhko — No famine for Soviet hogs 573 
Vasyl Mirutenko — Hot breakfast at school 514 
Natalka Zolotarevich — A Jewish doctor helps the starving 575 
jurke — Our cow saved our family from starving to death 575 
V. Savur — Goats saved people from starving 576 
V. Savur — Saved by whiskey Ed 
1. D. — Food of the Tripilian ега . . - E 
L. РИурепко — The starving schoolteachers’ “borshch” . 578 
579 
580 
581 





+ Panas Kovalyk — The starving died under machine-gun fire at the grain 








stock-piles . . $82 
L. Pylypenko — A corn-warehouse is invaded by the starving . 582 
Some died through eating poisonous substance 583 











*P. Onukhrienko — Poisoned seed bring death ... 
Iryna Medvid — Lecture on the Russian language 
1. Hannych — The living grave 
Stepan Dubovrk — The ban on travel by hungry people 
Mykhaylo Shkvarko — Death from starvation of Ukr: 
-F. Pravoberezhny — Incidents of the famine 
P. Onukhrienko — They searched for food under the snow . 
Natalka Lyutarevich — Dead horses and rendering plants 
F. Pravoberezbny — Young and old—all were shot to death 
- Petro Kulish — A diet of mouldy mash 
L. Pylypenke — A dish of dried calves’ hides . 

-N. Lyutarevich — "Motorzheniki" — the bread of the famished . 
1. Naddnistrovy — Toadstools a poor means of sating hunger 

Hunger victims’ markets—sources of food 
P. L. Suslyk — Coat-tail commerce .. .... EC 601 
N. Zolotarevych — A “grabber” at the market... 602 

- N. Lyutarevich — A hungry boy is tried by lynch law at the market... 602 
N. Zolotarevych — Famine, thieving and lynch law 603 
Pavlo Zolotarevich — Profiteering during the famine 605 
Panas Skirda — "Shcherbet" — poison to the famished 605 

“Torgsins” — a source of criminal profiteering explo- 
ited by the government .. Š 
. D. Dmytrenko — The "Torgsins" in and around Kiev .. .. 607 
M. Didenko — Bacon for a wedding-band pee 608 
« Natalka Lyutarevich — The Torgsins plundered the двай... 609 








jan farmers 













606 





CHAPTER VI. ... en 
Flight from famished villages to industrial towns .... 611 














Flight from famine-striken Ukraine villages . enu 
1. Volodymyr — Knifed in the back a — DIE 
V. Savur — Destination: Leningrad — object: bread. T . 613 
Vasyl Mivutenko — Father travelled to Russia for bread e s 814. 
Donbas: mecca and nadir of the starving v 615 
Iven Klymko — Escape by rail to the Kuban z 617 
Yavdokym Bondar — He had to abandon his father's dead body ata a sta- 
tion ..... sees 618 
V. Savur — Death claims the starving at the markets Kiev oss. 618 
No famine anywhere else in Russia .......... 621 
M. Didenko — Ukrainians in Moscow send dried bread home 622 





XXI 


Ivan Vovenko... ....... 
M. Rusetsky — Flight into Moscow _ 

S. Zapolenko — No famine in Russia 
Janos Skirda — There was an abundance of Ukrainian bread in Russia 630 





CHAPTER ҮП... " 631 
Interring the victims of famine . 631 
Natalka Zoloterevich — Socialism in practice . 632 
Forced to dig T . 633 
Dragging their father to the pit 633 
Harvesting corpses instead of crops 633 








M. Didenko — Mysterious trains loaded with corpses . 634 
F. Pravoberezhny — Quandary! . 635 
L. Pylypenko — People dumped like garbage down .. 636 





У. Neshchadymenko — Buried alive on account of two kilograms of meal 636 
Yakiw М. is — They threw the living in with the dead... 638. 
Pawlo Korytsky — Our kin perished at the hands of the genocidists ........ 638 
Vira P-ko — It happened in 1933 .. . 640 
Ivan Klymko — Please don't bury Me — I'm still alive 644 
Maryna Zavhorodnya — I'm still alive — I'm hungry! 
Andriy Melezhyk — Straton's resurrection .... 















CHAPTER УШ... das 543 

Cannibalism ..... .. . 649 
Apolinariya Khalchenko — He cooked his dead mothers hand ... ... 650 
H. Kvitko — "We ate father” .... z 





P. Onukhrienko — He ate his wife . 
The children are there — in the pot .. 
Ivan Klymko — First they ate their own family... 
Pavlo Koshovy — She killed her nine-year-old daughter 
V. Stoyan — She botched the job 
Andriy Melezhyk — Her child's flesh did not save her 
K. S. — A mother eats her child 
N. Volohodsky — Where's Marko 
V. Poltavka — In a mad fit she ate her children 
Natalka Zolotarevich — She killed her two children 
‘Stepan Kavun — Cannibal in the region of Vynnytsya 
Cannibalism with criminal intent ... = 
Cases of cannibalism in the district of Reshetyliw ... 659 
































S. Yewsewsky — She turned her father into jellied meat . 660 
M. Didenko — She slew six children мее? . 661 
Pasties of human flesh .. 662 
V. Poltawka — A whole gang of cannibalism in Poltava . 662 
Women cannibals at the Solowki Islands . 663 


XXII 







CHAPTER IX. 
Demographic repercussions of the famine 
Famine statistic by village and district 
430 famine deaths in Zhornoklovy .. 
A. Volohodsky — The famine devastates the village of Pleshkany 
Panas Skirda — Famine in the villages of the Yahotyn district .. 
M. Mazarets — Hurske loses 44 per cent of its population .. 
M. Petrenke — Death-rate: 800—birth-rate: 1... 
Ivan Panasyuk — The fate of the village of Yareski 
L. Pylypenko — One-third of the village perished ....... 
1. Kaban — The devastation by famine of the village of Strizhiwka 
B. Buzhanyn — Only eight houscholds left 
H. Sova — Death by starvation for 20 per cent of the district .. 
N. Plichkovsky — Special register of the famine death-rate . 
Tetyana Budko — The appearance of a depopulated village . 
The sum total of famine victims ..... 











Ii 





6:0 
.en 
. 612 
. 673 

614 
. 674 
. 676 
. 616 
. 617 
. 678 
























CHAPTER X... 
The supression of the effects of famine and the 
strengthening of the cillective slave system . . 681 
Excerpts from statements of Communist Party policy 


1 








concerning the famine . 683 
M. Ruseisky — The harvest campaign of 1933 . . 684 
The Soviet Government seeks a scapegoat 686 


The so-called "guilty" face the firing-squad for their 
“crimes” 687 
Stalin's “abashed” silence on the question of fai 690 
The 17th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party 
voices its opinion on the subject of the 1932-1933 
famine in Ukraine " 
Stalin assumes his role of political fakir 
Nestor Кого! — Summary of testimony .. 
Herriot's "Film Studio" .. 
The liquidation of the economic effects of famine ... 698 
Ukraine obtains a loan of seed-grain ....... 
Moscow issues a loan of seed-grain to Ukraine 
Hungry stock in Ukraine is issued a loan of fodder 
M. Didenko — The government issues a loan of seed-grain to Ukraine 
M. Solomon — Our beet-weeding campaign .. 
L. Pylypenke — Bread for the workers from "town, raw cabbage for col- 
lective farm workers .. 
V. Maly — Russians replace Ukrainian hunger victims . 103 
Leonid Veremiyenko — Peasants from the Bryansk province take over 74 
"Ukraine is reoccuj and her collective slave system. 
reinforced T 105 


























xxi 


xxiv 


The Political Divisions of the Machine-Tractor Sta- 
tions or: Village Political Commissars . 
1I. Duties of the Political Divisions 
A resolution concerning the reoccupation of Ukraine 707 
Moscow's decision concerning the insolvency of the 

CPU . ad 708 
Ukraine is reoccupied anew — this time by Political 
Commissars s ee 109, 








PETRO DOLYNA 


FAMINE AS POLITICAL WEAPON 


FOREWORD 


The author witnessed the catastrophic famine of 1932-1933 
in Ukraine. Immediately after the end of World War II in 1945, 
and up to the time of his departure to the United States in 1949 
he collected material among displaced persons living in UNRRA 
and IPO camps in the Western Zone of Germany who had been 
eyewitnesses of the famine. 

For obvious reasons the author is unable to cite the full 
names of all those persons who furnished diverse material, and 
therefore confines himself to listing their initials and professions. 

The author hereby expresses his thanks to all of them, and 
in particular to Mr. I. V. Dubynets, who provided substantial 
material from his collection of documents, and permitted the 
use of his name. 

In its time, the famine of Ukraine drew the attention of a 
good part of the world, and was written about extensively. But 
to this day there is no work that analyzes the famine, not as an 
isolated occurrence, but completely i. e. in the strictest relation 
with the political events in the USSR at that time. 

The author realizes that this work does not completely 
cover the complex events connected with the famine of 1932-33. 
Such was, however, not his intention. His task was much more 
modest: to present an idea of its origin and record the most 
significant facts and events which took place in Ukraine in con- 
nection with the famine. 


INTRODUCTION 


a) UKRAINE'S PLACE IN THE WORLD 


Ukraine's natural resources, her geographic position, soil, 
climate, and mineral wealth have a decisive influence upon her 
history: these have conditioned not only her economic develop- 
ment and external appearance, but have also had a direct influ- 
ence upon her political history. Thus, nature herself is 
a factor in Ukraine's historical development. 

Ukraine is situated in the Southern part of Eastern Europe, 
lying directly north of the Black Sea, which is the geographic, 
political and economic base of Ukraine. The Black Sea cha- 
racterized the beginnings of Ukraine's appearance upon the 
arena of history, inasmuch as commercial and cultural relations 
with Mediterranean lands traversed the Black Sea. Ukraine's 
position along the Black Sea has not only an economic meaning 
(ports of the Black Sea), but is also strategic. 

The rivers Dnieper and Dnister were and are central pivotal 
geographic lines of the Ukrainian settlement. The rivers of Uk- 
raine: Dnieper, Don, Dnister, Buh, Kuban, are not only im- 
portant as means of communications and life-lines in the na- 
tional economy, they are also a source of hydro-energy, which 
is rated at nine million kilowatts. 

Ukraine possesses excellent soil. The French Marshall, 
Marmon, who visited Ukraine in 1831, remarked that: "the 
wealth of Ukraine is known to all: it is the most fertile land in 
the world. The agricultural soil, being black and deep, has 
remarkable fertility." And truly, this black soil is one of the 
most productive in the world. About three-quarters of all Uk- 
rainian land lies in the black soil belt. 

To this must be added the very good and temperate climate, 
with adequate light, heat, precipitation and optimal tempera- 
ture, which favors the cultivation of all plants typical of the 
temperate zone. 


The soil and climate have, since long before the first world 
war, made Ukraine, with her 20 per cent of world grain exports, 
"the granary of Europe." 

For many centuries agriculture was the exclusive occupation 
of Ukrainians, and the foundation of their national wealth. It 
appealed to them because of the favorable conditions: the 
availability of free land, the small percentage of unproductive 
soil, the fertility of the soil, and the open, flat nature of the land. 
These circumstances conditioned on the one hand, an extensive 
form of colonization of new lands for agriculture, but on the 
other hand, halted the development of cities, and of the higher 
forms of economic life to be found there. 

Ukraine possesses unlimited natural resources. The Eng- 
lishman Joseph Marshall, who travelled in Ukraine frorn 1769 to 
1770, noted that "Ukraine, with respect to the treasures of 
nature, is the most important province of Russia" It is 
noteworthy as a general remark, that Ukraine was not only to 
his liking, but greatly impressed this demanding Englishman. 
He wrote that "the Ukrainian peasants are the best agri- 
culturists of all Russia.” Comparing the level of agriculture in 
Ukraine with that of England, he emphasizes that “Не had seen 
no other coutry that so much resembled the best farm-land of 
England." 

Coal deposits in the Donets basin are estimated at 79 billion 
tons, of which 30 per cent is anthracite. There, coal can be found 
at a depth of 430 feet, while that of the Ruhr is at 1950 feet, and in 
England at an average of 1000 feet. Among other coal basins of 
the world, Donbas takes seventh place. In Europe, only the 
Ruhr and Saar basins come before it. 

The deposits of iron ore in Kryvy Rih are estimated at 1,5 
billion tons, or 600 millions tons of pure iron which would equal 
about 9 per cent of the world's total. The thickness of the ore 
layer is from 30 feet to 100 feet, and in sorne places from 300 feet 
to 400 feet. Deposits of a lower grade of ore near Kerch are 
estimated at 2.7 billion tons. Deposits of iron quartzites, (a 
reserve for iron), which are found near Kremenchuk, Kryvy Rih, 
and other places are roughly estimated at 100 billion tons. 

Manganese ore, found near Nikopol, which is of the utmost 
importance in the manufacture of steel, chemicals and pharma- 
ceuticals, is estimated at 500 million tons, or 190 million tons of 
the pure metal. This is about 40 to 50 per cent of the whole 





6 


world's supply. World production of manganese in 1937 was 
1.68 million tons, of which Ukraine produced 1.3 million tons. 

Ukraine has also soft coal, peat and natural gas. Mercury 
is plentiful, estimated at 4.3 million tons. Deposits of a variety 
of salts and minerals, estimated at over 100 billion tons, 
constitute unlimited raw material supplies for chemical in- 
dustries, There is oil in Pre-Caucasia, the Korch peninsula, 
Poltava and Drohobych. Ukraine is rich in phosphorites and 
graphite. There are some supplies, although relatively smaller, 
of copper, lead, tin and silver. 

Besides this, Ukraine has an adequate supply of structural 
stone, marble, clay and kaolin. There are plentiful raw materials 
for cement production in supplies of lime mortars and chalk. 
Only ores of colored metals are relatively scarce. 

The natural resouces of Ukraine offer unlimited opportu- 
nities for economic development. 

By combining Donets coal with Kryvy Rih and Kerch ores, 
Ukraine can create a gigantic metallurgical industry, which is 
the foundation of all forms of machine industry. Having within 
her lands adequate raw materials of all forms, she can develop 
varied industries, which would guarantee all-round and har- 
monious industrial growth. 

Her possession of the best soil in the world is a basis for 
the development of intensive agriculture and animal husbandry. 
This would take care of all the food requirements of the rural 
and urban population, and would still provide the necessary raw 
material for the development of the food industry, and such light 
industries as are necessary, especially textiles. 

Cultivation of sugar-beets, sunflowers, corn and potatoes, 
gives not only sugar, oil, etc. but also raw materials for a whole 
series of industries. 

Cultivation of flax, hemp, sisal and cotton provides the basis 
for a textile industry. 

Intensification of animal husbandry would aid in the 
development of meatpacking, dairy, and milk products and 
canning . 

The intrinsic combination of soil, climate and an industrious 
Population constitute an exclusive natural, and at the same time 
economic, complex. In other words Ukraine, due to natural 
circumstances, could be a completely independent territorial- 


7 


economic body, the harmonious development of which would 
satisfy all the needs of the population in full. 

Not all these natural factors have played a positive role in 
Ukraine's history. From the viewpoint of Ukraine's interests, 
the fact that a major part of the profitable mines are situated on 
her borders, is definitely a detriment. The absence of natural 
frontier barriers has had a particularly tragic meaning in her 
history. True, the open and even features of the land favored the 
spread of colonization, which reached the Black and Azov Seas 
in the 18th century, but, on the other hand, turned Ukraine into 
a field for economic and political expansion on the part of a series 
of peoples and nations in the course of history. 

"The history of the Ukrainian nation is the struggle of its 
people for the right to live in a state of their own, a struggle 
gained and lost several times. At those times, when the entire 
energies of the people would be directed toward the reconstruction 
of their own state,other, alien nations would attempt to destroy 
all such manifestations of a separate national life. From about 
one thousand years ago, down to our own times, it has been 
conducting a fight for national existence. Alternating with the 
tide of Tatar hordes under Mongolian leadership of the 13th 
century, there later came Turks, Poles, and Russians. The 
years of the existence of Ukraine as an independent state al- 
ternated with periods of occupation and enslavement by other, 
hostile nations. The last, and most sanguine struggle for Uk- 
raine between Nazi Germany and bolshevik Russia, caused all 
Ukraine to fall into the hands of the Soviets, lands which had 
heretofore been torn among Poles, Czechs, Roumanians and 
Russians. The Ukrainian people, once more became occupied, 
enslaved and exploited. 

The struggle for Ukraine is primarily caused by the 
desire to profit from the immense natural wealth with which 
she has so richly been endowed. 


b) UKRAINE'S PLACE IN THE SOVIET POLITICAL 
AND ECONOMIC SYSTEM 


The overthrow of tsarism in Russia in 1917 after the Feb- 
ruary revolution, and the subsequent assumption of power by 
the bolsheviks towards the end of 1917, predetermined the course 
of events, which had fatal repercussions upon Ukraine. 


8 


1. PERIOD OF ARMED CONFLICT (1918 — 1920). 


As is known, the armed conflict between the Ukrainian 
National Republic, constituted in 1917, and bolshevik Russia 
continued from the beginning of 1918 until 1921. 

During the time of this conflict, the policy of the Soviet 
government toward Ukraine was visibly directed against the 
interests of the Ukrainian people in the most general aspect." 

As is also well known from the middle of 1918 until the 
spring of 1921, there came into being a specific economy order, 
which was later called “war communism.” 

A policy of requisitioning was the pivot of this economic 
policy at that time. An introduction of "bread monopoly" and 
requisitioning took away all grain surplus (so-called) from the 
peasants and delivered it into the hands of the government. 
Commerce in grain was prohibited. 

All industry, not only large and medium, but even small 
businesses were nationalized, and its management centralized 
and bureaucratized to a fantastic degree. 

All banks were nationalized, too. A definite course was 
taken towards the establishment of an economy that would 
function without money. With the disappearance of banks, taxes 
in money disappeared also. The state instituted the principle of 
services without compensation. Finally, early in 1921, taxation 
in money was completely abolished. Domestic commerce under- 
went a complete change, and the cooperative movement was 
liquidated. 

The centralization of economic processes and of state 
government predicated appropriate changes in the sector of the 
organization of human labor, with the introduction of compuls- 
ory labor service. Workers and clerks lost the right to change 
employment on their own initiative. “Unproductive elements" 
were forcibly drawn into "productive activity," which consisted 
of shovelling snow, chopping wood, and all kinds of earth-moving 
and ditching operations. 

"The era of "war communism" resulted in the exclusion of 
markets and marketing operations from economic life, elimina- 
tion of all stimuli and initiative that would lead to more 
profitable yields of labor, a primitivization of economic con- 


* The bolsheviks occupied Ukraine for a time early in 1916, then again 
Partially in 1919, and finally in 1820 — 1921. 


9 


ditions achieved by way of strict regulation of the economy 
through powerful bureaucratic institutions. 

This is a general characteristic of the era of "war com- 
munism." This entire period, as has been noted, was a time of 
resolute struggle Бу Ukraine for an independent national 
existence. 

The armed conflict between Soviet Russia and Uk- 
raine between 1917 and 1920 was a war for the political and 
economic mastery of Ukraine. For this reason Moscow's policy 
of "war communism" had in Ukraine all the features of a policy 
of armed occupation and plunder, which continued for some 
months after the NEP policy had been introduced in Russia. 

The struggle was primarily for Ukrainian bread. Lenin 
emphasized at that time that "we cannot hold out without Uk- 
rainian bread," and that "the struggle for bread is the struggle 
for socialism." According to decrees on requisitioning, peasants 
had to surrender all their so-called grain surplus, with the 
exception of very limited rations for personal consumption. 

In point of fact, everything was taken away from the 
peasants that could be taken. They, in turn staged all forms of 
resistance, refusing to surrender bread without pay. The com- 
munist party then, in the words of Lenin, organized “а crusade 
for bread." A dictatorship of supply was established by decree, 
and the Peoples’ Commissariat of Supply was given extra- 
ordinary powers to effect grain collection. Special delegates 
were dispatched to the countryside to put the plan to work. 
Laborers from the Moscow area were mobilized into special 
requisitioning detachments, which were sent armed into Uk- 
raine to perform the task of collecting bread reserves. 

During the second bolshevik Russian occupation of Ukraine 
in 1919, special so-called “committees of the poor" were formed 
of declassed and russified elements, whose task was to take away 
everything from the peasants that they could lay their hands on, 
ostensibly for the execution of official plans. Special armed 
detachments were put in charge of all railroad stations in Uk- 
kraine, to prevent any kind of traffic in bread within the borders 
of Ukraine. 

It was real war. PRAVDA wrote in March of 1919: “after 
hard and bloody battles, the Red Army has opened the road to 
bread, because it has taken Ukraine. It has paved the way to 


10 


coal, having restored to the working class three fourths of the 
Donets basin." 

Shlikhter, one of the commissars Moscow ordered to Uk- 
raine to put grain collecting into effect, gave a precise summary 
of the situation which then prevailed. At a meeting of the Mos- 
cow council of workers' delegates on March 22, 1919, he said: 
“You all remember when Ukraine was becoming Soviet, every 
day's forward movement of the Red Army brought us and you 
relief: Ukraine, full of wealth and bread is ours!.. We have four 
central military departments of supply. All our hopes are on 
them! We have a mass of dispatched (from Russia to Ukraine) 
workers, who will know how to take over Ukrainian 
villages. We always remember that the eyes of the proletariat 
of Russia are all turned toward Ukraine.” 

An idea of how Russian troops behaved in Ukraine can be 
had from what the newspaper of the Ukrainian Communist Party 
(opposed to RCP and CP(b)U), CHERVONY PRAPOR (Red 
Banner) wrote in its issue of February 28, 1919: “The point is 
that bread is being taken without any plan, without control, and 
mostly without money. Everybody takes bread, including 
government agents, but it is all seized, there is no organization 
and this has such an effect on the peasants that it cannot be 
expected to last very long. And we must remark in general that 
by terror and force one cannot take much from our peasants.” 
And further: "Detachments are sent from Kursk to Kiev, to 
defend us here. They also order us to have the railroad rolling 
stock sent to Kursk. And they write in Moscow that Ukraine 
must supply Moscow not only with bread, but also with raw 
materials." 

Stated briefly, the Ukrainian peasant was compelled to sur- 
render not only grain and fodder, but, also potatoes, cattle, meat, 
poultry, butter, fruit, honey and mushrooms, in fact everything 
edible. 

Bolshevik Russia considered Ukraine a colony. Economic 
exploitation went hand in hand with complete denial of Uk- 
rainian culture. All cultural manifestations were labelled as 
counter-revolutionary and destroyed without mercy. Ukrainian 
newspapers were prohibited, Ukrainian printing plants confis- 

* V. Vynpychenko, Vidrodshennya пан! |, part ИТ. Kiev—Vienna, 1920, 


р. 303. 
* Dmytro Solovey, Holhota Ukrayiny, Winnipeg. 1953, p. 22. 


" 


cated and schools closed. Those who spoke Ukrainian were 
taken off the streets and, if not put before firing squads im- 
mediately, made dangerously suspect of participating in counter- 
revolution. 

Small wonder, therefore, that the chief of the Soviet 
Government in Ukraine declared openly at a council of workers" 
deputies оп February 13, 1919: "Decreeing the Ukrainian 
language to be the official language is a reactionary measure. 
Who needs this? This improvised intelligentsia and bureaucracy 
which has been produced by independent Ukraine?"* 

Another, no less flagrant incident: the Commissar of the 
Chief Military Sanitation Command wrote a letter (No. 3453, 
February 10, 1919) to the Commissar of the Chief Commandant's 
Office. He wrote in the language of the Ukrainian State, i. e. in 
Ukrainian. The Aide of the Chief of the Kiev Garrison wrote 
the following memorandum on this letter to the Commissar. "In 
Soviet Russia only the Russian language is used. It is not per- 
missible to spend public money to hire translators. Please write 
in Russian. Signature." 

The Ukrainian peasants and the Ukrainian people in general 
regarded the bolshevik rule in Ukraine as hostile and alien, and 
staged merciless opposition against it. According to Kh. Ra- 
kovsky. then chief of the goverment which Moscow had de- 
sienated for Ukraine, THERE WERE 328 UPRISTNGS 7N 
UKRAINE. during a period of onlv three and one half months 
of the spring and summer of 1919, Of this number: 

from April 1, to May 1, 1919 — = uprisings 
" May 1,to May 15, 191 
" June 1,to June 19, 191 E pe 

All these uprisings against bolshevik Russia were conducted 
under slogans of an independent Soviet Ukraine, under the 
leadership of communists-borotbists and Ukrainian left-wing 
social-democrats. 

A secret Soviet publication of 1921 gives the following 
illustration of conditions in that period: “During the years 1919 
and 1920, more than one million insurgents took up arms against 
us in Ukraine, at various times and in various places. During 
this time the insurgents and partisans killed forty thousand Red 





* V. Vynnychenko, op. cit, p. 310. 
* Ibid. рр. 309, 310. 
* Dmytro Solovey, op. cit, p. 22. 


12 


Army soldiers, Chekists, communists, and workers in grain 
collective agencies and detachments. Che-Ka (extraordinary 
commissions for the suppression of counter-revolution, ab- 
breviated Che-Ka) and special military units, according to 
official reports executed over four hundred thousand insurgents 
and their adherents, and in spite of that, with the spring of 1921 
there was a new wave of uprisings...""". 

The economic policy of that time, as is well known, brought 
about a complete disintegration of the national economy of 
Russia and other national republics. 

Faced with requisitioning contingents, the peasants reduced 
the area of cultivation to the minimum required for their own 
subsistence. This resulted in the harvest of grain for 1920 being 
only about 63 per cent of that for 1913.* 

The position of industry was much worse. It consumed its 
own reserves, and could barely stay alive. Production figures of 
the large industrial establishments in 1920 fell to one seventh 
of their pre-war level. A majority of plants and factories stood 
idle. Coal mines and ore pits were flooded. The land was in the 
midst of an acute fuel crisis. Transportation was completely 
ruined: carloadings were down to 20 per cent in 1920 compared 
with 1913,” 

The people suffered an acute shortage of all essentials; 
bread and other cereal products, meats, sugar, clothes, shoes, 
matches, salt, soap, kerosene, fuels, metals etc. 

Inflation reached exceptional proportions. The Soviet rouble 
was falling with catastrophic speed. As of July 1, 1921 the 
nominal sum of money in circulation had increased 119 times, 
and prices of goods had increased 7,918 times, or 66.5 times the 
increase of printed money.” 

Nutrition in the cities deteriorated considerably. The po- 
pulation was really half-starving. Town and city housing, 
following its nationalization, was without a landlord. Nobody 
cared for dwellings, there was no maintenance and gradual de- 


^ У Ukrainsky politici heski banditism. (Ye rychiny, formy 1 borba s 
Izdanlye OO KBO, 1921. Cited trom Susy Horlis-Horaky ‘Spohedy, 


nim). Izdaniye 
Lviv, 1935, р. П. 

L. Krytsman, Geroicheski period velikoy russkoy revolutell, 2nd 
Moscow—Leningrad, 1926, p. 155. T t 


+ vbi p. 163. 
L. Krytsman, op. cit, p. 164. 
ЗЕ. Hlovinsky, Finansy USSR, Warsaw, 1939, p. 26. 


terioration followed. Public utilities, such as water, sewers, 
power plants, and gasworks, functioned under insurmountable 
handicaps due to lack of fuel. Dwellings went unheated. 
Epidemics of typhus and typhoid became widespread. А 
lowered standard of living, insufficient food and clothing and 
unheated homes helped spread these epidemics.” The urban 
population began seeking safety in the villages, and this brought 
about a decrease in the urban population of more than 35 per 
cent between 1916 and 1920. 

Illustrative of the characteristic conditions of life during 
that period is the fact that even in Russia proper there were 
many uprisings and rebellious movements the most significant 
of which were that of Kronstadt and a peasant uprising in the 
Tambov gubernia. 

Briefly stated, the policy of wartime communism led to the 
complete disintegration of economic life. As a result of this 
policy a great famine broke out in the Soviet Union in 1921. А 
thorough change in this policy was the order of the day. 


2. PERIOD OF THE NEW ECONOMIC POLICY 
(1921 — 1928) 


In March 1921 a decree was issued changing the system of 
requisitioning contingents into a tax in farm products. This 
was the beginning of a new economic policy, which acquired 
fame as NEP. 

THE HISTORY OF THE ALL-UNION COMMUNIST 
PARTY gives the following explanation of change in economic 
policy: "War communism was an attempt to storm the fort by 
frontal attack. In this attack the party went too far, ahead, 
risking disruption from its base. Lenin proposed that they 
should retrench for a while, so that later they could marshall 
their forces for а new attack." 

The meaning of this decree lay not only in the fact that the 
amount of taxes was lowered and that news of this must reach 
the peasants before the time of spring planting. The main meaning 





те were 6,312.000 cases of disease in the USSR т 1920, out of this 
figure: 3,303,000, typhoid 627,000, paratyphoid 1,406,000 etc. See І. Kryts- 
ma: . citu p. 187. 

ie L. Krytsman, op. cit, p. 52. 

за Istoriya Vresoyusnoy Kommunisticheskoy Partii (b) Kratki kurs, 
Gosudarstvennoye Izdatelstva Politicheskoy Literatury, 1945, p. 245. 





14 


of this decree was that after fulfilling his tax duties to the 
government, the peasant would be in full ownership of all his 
produce. The peasant was given the right to sell all his surplus 
at current prices on the free market. This made him interested 
in improving his farm methods, and increasing production, 
because he was the unrestricted owner of the fruits of his labor. 

Understandably, the decree on taxation which repealed the 
monopoly of the state to deal in farm products, became the 
foundation of a series of other phenomena, which were instru- 
mental in effecting a basic change in economic conditions in the 
USSR. 

Freedom of commerce was introduced gradually. In June 
1921 all restrictions on monetary transactions were discarded, as 
well as ceilings on private money holdings. А whole series of 
small industrial enterprises became de-nationalized. Central 
management of the national economy was abolished. All restric- 
tions which had made labor compulsory were repealed. Instead 
of getting paid in rations and ration-cards, workers were paid in 
money. Taxes in money and payment for services made their 
reappearance. A currency reform was effected in 1924, and a 
system of credits and a network of banks were re-established. 

Briefly, the economy was now being developed through 
private initiative and the widening of markets. 

Even during the third occupation of Ukraine (1920—1921), 
bolshevik Moscow, faced with an opposition embracing all of 
Ukraine, came to realize that it was imperative to conform to 
existing conditions, as the only means of mastering this land. 

With the changeover to a new economic policy, there was 
also a change in policy towards Ukraine. Now the conquest of 
Ukraine was conducted by peaceful means, as an “equal” Union 
republic. A necessary precondition for this was the creation of 
the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics in 1922. 

As in the time of the tsars, Moscow continued to treat Uk- 
raine as an obiect of colonial exploitation and plunder. But this 
policy as conducted by Soviet Moscow was more treacherous, 
more subtle and morethorough. It was based on entirely different 
political principles. 

Tsarist Russia refused to admit the existence of Ukraine, 
but communist Russia, having conquered the Government of the 
Ukrainian People's Republic by force of arms, established an 
allegedly separate Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, which, 


15 


according to the constitution "exercises state authority in- 
dependently,” and accordingly "reserved the right freely to 
secede from the USSR."^ 

With the establishment of the USSR at the end of 1922, a 
Ukrainian, V. Chubar, was made head of the Government of the 
Ukrainian SSR, and another Ukrainian, H. Hrynko, its Com- 
missar of Education. 

Changing conditions under NEP, more Ukrainians in the 
Government of Ukraine, and a generally more favorable Uk- 
rainian course of policy, gave her more autonomy than here- 
tofore, although constitutionally she was more tightly bound to 
Moscow than before. Terror diminished with the initiation of 
the New Economic Policy. Former Ukrainian soldiers and 
partisans received an amnesty. Bolshevik Moscow realized that 
the basic power of Ukraine lay in the villages, and in the 
peasants, as they were the ones who most obstinately opposed 
the regime. The bolsheviks therefore, in their desire to hold on 
to power, had to turn their policy to the needs of the 
peasants. This was the origin of the banner-phrase of “unity of 
city and village," which led irresistably to the institution of a Uk- 
rainian course (of policy) and under prevailing conditions found 
its expression in Ukrainization. 

Pro-Russian elements, headed by the Secretary-General 
of the communist party of Ukraine, Lebed, were decidedly 
opposed to the course of Ukrainization. They brought out the 
slogan of “а struggle of two cultures," which in turn unified all 
Ukrainian communists. The latter considered it imperative to 
root out all influence of Russian culture. One of them, 
О. Shumsky, emphasized that the struggle between the Ukrai- 
nian and Russian cultures would cease only on condition that the 
latter granted the former those "rights of citizenship," which it 
did not have. 

The argument ended with the defeat of Lebed's concept, and 
by 1925 Ukrainization was put into effect, pursuant to a decree 
adopted on August 1, 1923." 





™ Parts of art. 15 and 17 in: Konstitutsiya (osnovnoy закоп) SSSR. Kone 
sHtuisii (osnovnye zakony) soyusnykh sovetskikh sofsialisticheskikh res- 


1 “The Government of Workers and Peasants deems it necessary... as 
quickly as possible to center the attention of the state on the dissemination 
of the Ukrainian The formal equality between (А two most 
prevalent languages in Ukraine, the Ukrainian and Russian, as heretofore 


16 


Ukrainian culture was thus conceded to be a national cul- 
ture, and under the tutelage of the Ukrainian SSR. 

All concessions in the sector of Ukrainization were exacted 
by force, and were made with the sole objective of pacifying the 
tempestuous tide (mainly peasant) and of turning the peasants" 
attention away from an orientation on the government of the Uk- 
rainian People's Republic, which was in exile. 

After the Lebed argument was over, the Ukrainians, attempt- 
ing to ignore and insulate themselves from sovietism, began 
to spread the idea of the possibility of working within the frame- 
work of the Soviet regime, and of utilizing legal methods of 
struggle for independence of Ukraine, particularly in culture and 
economics. 

Аз a result of the proclaimed amnesty, hundreds of former 
active participants in the Government of the Ukrainian People's 
Republic began to return from exile at this time, in order to take 
part in the national and cultural renaissance of Ukraine. 
Thousands of Ukrainians from Galicia, then under Polish rule, 
came along with them. The Ukrainians joined the communist 
party and soviet institutions en masse, gained a majority in 
many of them, and were able to give their work a Ukrainian 
content. 

Ukrainian communists favored the Ukrainization of cities 
by absorbing Ukrainian peasant elements in them, and in this 
manner filled the ranks of workers and government employees 
with Ukrainians, 

Denationalized elements returned to their national con- 
sciousness, by education, entertainment, the press, literature and 
radio, i. e. by providing them with favorable surroundings. 

Much was accomplished in a relatively short period of tim 
all education, including higher, was Ukrainized, Ukrainian 
science, literature and art achieved great success; the publishing 
field was signally successful (numerous editions of all the works 


‘observed, is insufficient. As a result of the general development of Ukral- 

in culture in lesser degree, the lack of proper text-books, and insufficient 
ation of personnel, life itself, as shown by experience, causes a factual 
preponderance of the Russian language... In order to do away with this 
inequality, the Government of Workers and Peasants employs a series of 
Practical measures which, observing the equal rights of all nationalities in 
Ukrainian territories, must assure the Ukrainian language of a place com- 
mensurate with the number and specific weight of the Ukrainian people in 
the territory of the Ukr. SSR.” See S. Nykolyshyn, Kulturna polityka bolshe- 
vykiv i ukrayinsky kulturny protses, р. 22. 








E 17 


of Ukrainian literature came out, as well as many fine trans- 
lations of the classics of world literature); Ukrainian cities, 
Russified for centuries were now being Ukrainized, as men- 
tioned above. This was done systematically, and with great 
perseverance; all Government correspondence was completely 
Ukrainized. A Red Army officers' school was established at 
that time for the purpose of educating a Ukrainian officer class. 

Mykola Skrypnyk, at that time Peoples’ Commissar of 
Education, said in 1927: “During the period of the revolution we 
have published more Ukrainian books than during the entire 130 
years of the existence of Ukrainian literature. Ukrainian cul- 
ture is growing, the circle of publications is widening. 

There were 30 per cent Ukrainians in "VUZ" (Institutions 
of Higher Education) in 1924, and 55 per cent in 1933. Second- 
ary technical schools had 57 per cent Ukrainians in 1924, and 68 
per cent in 1933." 

No less impressive are the statistics on the Ukrainization of 
the cities and of the working class. 











The percentage of Ukrainians in some cities was:'* 
1923 1926 1933 
Stalino 7 26.0 31.0 
Zaporizzhya 28 47.0 56.0 
Voroshilovhrad 21 43.0 60.0 
Dnipropetrovsk 16 36.0 48.0 
Kharkiw 37.9 38.3 50.0 


Among the industrial workers in the cities there were 41.6 
per cent Ukrainians in 1926 and 48 per cent in 1929. The 
average percentage of Ukrainians among the membership of 
labor unions increased during this same period from 49.9 per 
cent to 57.2 per cent. 

During this period (1926 to 1929) the percentage of those 
who spoke Ukrainian in the workers' farnilies increased from 33.2 
per cent to 43.9 per cent, and Ukrainian literacy among the 
workers increased from 40.2 per cent to 58.2 per cent." 

The process of the Ukrainian national renaissance had to 
conform to the Soviet order of things, but there were visible 
attempts, some not unsuccessful, to substitute the “national form 
with socialist content" with "socialist form with national 

7 и M. Skrypnyk, Statii 1 promovy. v. V, Kharkiw, 1930, p. 59. 
™ Pravda, December 2, 1933. 


w 


lbid, 
** Pravda, No. 74, 1931. 


content.” Coupled with national culture there was an increase in 
the national consciousness of a people. 

The course of Ukrainization met with greater opposition on 
the part of Russian elements, who were quite open in their oppo- 
sition. This met with a sharp rebuttal on the part of Ukrai- 
nian representatives at the 2nd Session of the 3rd meeting of the 
Central Executive Committee of the USSR in 1926. 

The chairman of the Council of Ukrainian Peoples’ Commis- 
sars, V. Chubar, said: “Ukrainian workers and Ukrainian 
peasants have a right (a right won in the revolution and con- 
firmed by Soviet law) to satisfy their needs in the Ukrainian 
language. Therefore all complaints, all foolish talk about Uk- 
rainian chauvinism, as expressed by Ukrainization is absolutely 
groundless."" 

H. Hrynko said the same thing, emphasizing that all 
proposals against Ukrainization "prevent backward and for- 
merly oppressed nations from moving along the great way of 
real national rebirth.”™ 

The declaration of H. Petrovsky, chief of the All-Ukrai- 
nian Central Executive Committee was very significan. He 
said: "Does the Ukrainian Government really conduct a policy 
of oppressing the Russian population of Ukraine? Permit me to 
admit a great injury to the Ukrainian population: we are at 
fault for not having realized the directives in the matter of the 
nationalities policy with enough speed and firmness. It suffices 
to recall that the congress of the Ukrainian communist party 
was conducted almost exclusively in Russian. This highest 
party institution determines the entire cultural and economic 
policy of the land. Let us not forget that we are already in the 
9th year of the existence of Soviet authority, and that it is time 
to push to the forefront in this land, where tsarism oppressed 
everything, Ukrainian cultural and national forces.. The 
Plenum of the Central Committee of the communist party is 
conducted in Russian... and in our Peoples' Commissariats, the 
language is also Russian.” 

Influenced by the rebirth of the Ukrainian nation, which 
took place as a result of the economic and cultural development 





*' Trentralny Ispolnitelny Komitet, StenograScheski Otchet 3-vo sosiva, 
2 sessiya, 1926 g. Moscow, 1926, рр. 404, 405. 

* Ibid. рр. 473 — 414. 

** Tid. pp. 499 — 500. 


of Ukraine, a number of Ukrainian communists went over to 
positions of uncompromising patriotism. Under such circum- 
stances, Moscow's centralist policy, which assumed a more 
visible form, inevitably gave birth to an opposition within the 
Central Committee of the CP(b)U. 

O. Shumsky was the leader of this opposition" But even 
earlier, under the leadership of M. Khvylovy, the so-called literary 
discussion made its appearance, which was in reality an attempt 
by Ukrainian communists to take a stand for independence, 
against bolshevik Moscow. 

A certain segment of Ukrainian emigre’s, former leaders of 
the Ukrainian People's Republic, who were then in exile, put 
much faith and hope in the national opposition within the 
CP(b)U. Inthis connection one of them, M. Shapoval, gave the 
following advice: "At this historical moment for us in soviet 
Ukraine, to boycott the Russian elements and to separate the 
Ukrainians in distinct organizations all down the line is more 
expeditious. The fact that a national Ukrainian communist 
opposition has come into being within the CP(b)U is of great 
importance. All Ukrainian elements should support this oppo- 
sition, and in no case should they come up with separate 
programs. In order to increase the influence of the Ukrainian 
communist opposition we must all conduct ourselves in such a 
way that this opposition be considered the expression of the will 
and interest of Ukrainian workers and peasants... The Ukrai- 
nian intelligentsia should openly recognize and defend the Soviet 
system of government, but stress that this government must be 
elected by peasants and workers of Ukraine. Moscow's rule in 
Ukraine can be undermined and finally destroyed, not by in- 
troducing separate programs and constitutions, but by demand- 
ing that the rule of peasants and workers be realized. Leninism 
can only be conquered with Leninism. This paradox must be 
understood by all those who wish to destroy Moscow's dictator- 
ship. Moscow destroyed us by conceding ‘Ukrainian ii 
dependence’, i. e. by the very thing for which we were 
fighting." 





T The Politburo of СС CP(bYU decisively condemned "Shumskism" in 
April 1927. Не was demoted from the position of Peoples’ Commissar of 
Education of the Ukraine, transferred to Moscow, and later died in exile. 

* A. Khvylya, Vid ukhylu u prirvu. Derzhavne Vudavnytstvo Ukrayiny. 
1928, pp. 50-51. obs 


20 


What was most significant in the concept of M. Khvylovy 
and his adherents in this discussion? 

From the viewpoint of M. Khvylovy, “Ukrainization on the 
one hand is the result of the unconquered will of a nation 30-odd 
million strong, and on the other hand, it is the only means by 
which the proletariat can take over the cultural movement."^ M. 
Khvylovy maintained that Ukrainization "is opening our na- 
tion's door wide to the world.” 

And further he wrote: "To the extent that our literature 
is finally embarking upon its own path of development, we are 
faced with this problem: “On which of the world's literatures 
should it model itself?”, and he answers: “In any event not on the 
Russian. This is definite and without any qualifications... From 
Russian literature and its type Ukrainian poetry must escape as 
fast as possible... The trouble is that Russian literature has been 
weighing upon us for centuries, like a master who has taught 
our psyche servile imitation. Therefore to educate our young 
art upon it, would mean to halt its growth. Proletarian ideas 
we know without Russian art; on the contrary, these ideas can 
be felt by we representatives of a younger nation more readily, 
and we shall more readily pour them into appropriate images. 
Our orientation is on Western European art, its style and its 
accepted form.""* 

Hence Khvylovy's slogan of orientation on Europe. Because: 
"Europe today is the result of the experience of many centuries. 
It is not the Europe which Spengler proclaimed to be in 
decline"... It is a Europe of grandiose civilization, the Europe of 
Goethe, Darwin, Byron, Newton, Marx, etc... It is that Europe. 
without which there can be no vanguard of an Asiatic re- 
naissance.""* 

As if in premonition of the condemnation of this slogan, 
Khvylovy stressed that “union is nevertheless union, and Ukrai- 
ne an independent unit... Little Russia has gone into the land 





Khvylovy, “Apolohety pysaryzmu (do problemy kulturnoyi re- 
volutsiy " Originally published in 1926... See Nashi pozytsiyi, No. 2, 1948, 
р. 


? М. Khvylovy, Dumky proty techiyi. Derzh. V. Ukr. 1926, pp. 19, 20. 
** M. Khvylovy, "Apolohety.." pp. 62, 63.. That is why Khvylovy 
accused the Ukrainian intelligentsia of "being unable to think ...without a 
Russian conductor." See his Dumky proty techipl. Pamphlets. Derzhavne 
Vydavnytstvo Ukrayiny, 1926, pp. 51, 52. 
М. Khvylovy, Kamo hryadeshy, pamphlets, Knyhospilke, 1925. р. 42. 


21 








of shadows... Is Russia an independent nation? Independent! 
But, we are also independent." 

Shumskism-Khvylovism was a determining factor in the 
development of the Ukrainian historical process. It originated 
in a concept of the universal development of national cultures, 
national economies and national states. Khvylovy maintained: 
“Inasmuch as the Ukrainian nation sought its liberation for 
centuries, we take that to signify its unconquerable will to reveal 
and fulfill its national (not nationalist) image.” 

“This national image appears in a culture under the con- 
ditions of free development... and this integrity and will is the 
cause of catching up with other nations, as we have observed, 
for example, among the Romans who, in a comparatively short 
period, were able to get very close to Greek culture. This 
national essence must also find fulfillment in art." 

Subsequently M. Volobuyev developed the economic con- 
cept of Shumskism-Khvylovism in his work “Do problemy Uk- 
rayinskoyi Ekonomiky” (The Problem of the Ukrainian Eco- 
nomy), published in BILSHOVYK UKRAYINY, the organ of 
the Central Committee of the Communist Party (Bolsheviks) of 
Ukraine, in 1928. The author stressed in this work that pre- 
revolutionary Ukraine was “a colony” in relation to Russia." 

Discussing Soviet Ukraine, Volobuyev cited a number of 
examples from the field of economics which attested to the co- 
lonial position of Ukraine in relation to Moscow. Hence his 
desire "to introduce some clarity into the problem of mutual 
relations between the Russian and the Ukrainian economy since 
the revolution”. He further pointed out that “Ukraine did not 
join the USSR as a colony, but as an equal republic." 

"Since the revolution," wrote Volobuyev, "the Ukrainian 
economy has ceased to be supplementary to that of Russia. It is 
now on equal terms." But, "to the professional dyed-in-the-wool 
Russian the problem does not exist... he will not consider that 
Ukraine is not a province of Russia. 

As can readily be seen from the above, M. Volobuyev and 








is M. Khvylovy, "Apolohety.." in “Kultura і pobut", Visti VUTsVK, 
^ M. Khvylovy, Dumky proty techiyi. Pamphlets. "Derzhavne Vydav- 
nytstvo Ukrayiny, 1926, pp. 48-49. А 
a nee Ukrayiny, No. 2, 3, 1928. 


** Bllshovyk Ukrayiny No. 3, 1928. 
22 


other Ukrainian communists assumed the same “away from 
Moscow” position as M. Khvylovy, but their point of view was 
predicated on facts of economics. Hence his requirement that 
“Ukrainian economic centers be confirmed in the rights and 
opportunities of managing the entire national economy without 
qualification." 

Hence also his assertion that "the liquidation of the pro- 
vincial status of our language, literature and culture in general 
will be possible only as a result of enabling Ukraine to develop 
her productive forces without hindrance, and recognizing her as 
a formulated and finished national-economic organism, which 
will in turn become possible when she ceases to be regarded simply 
as a sum total of some regions of a single, indivisible economy.” 

The article ended with these words: “we must not forget 
that Ukraine is not merely the ‘South of the USSR’,” we must 
never forget that she is also Ukraine.”” 

Other Ukrainian communists wrote in the same vein, not as 
openly, and with more caution. 

The achievements of Ukrainization worried Moscow, 
because right in front of their eyes there was a cultural move- 
ment growing into a political tide. 

The struggle going on within and without the CP(b)U, 
conducted by Ukrainian communists for Ukrainian indepen- 
dence, explains Stalin's nervous reaction to the so-called "lite- 
rary discussion" in Ukraine. In his letter to L. Kaganovich and 
other mernbers of the Ukrainian Politburo C.C. CP(b)U in the 
matter of O. Shumsky, Stalin wrote that "the struggle for the 
Ukrainian cultural movement assumes the proportions of a ge- 
neral struggle against Moscow, against Russians in general, and 
against Russian culture and its highest achievement — Leni- 
nism... Yes, the danger in Ukraine is becoming more and more 
reaL.. At a time when Western-European proletarians and their 
communist parties are full of sympathy to Moscow, the Ukrai- 
nian communist Khvylovy is unable to say anything, except to 
call upon Ukrainian leaders to run away from Moscow ‘аз fast 
as possible'."* 

L. Kaganovich, sent down from Moscow as Secretary-Ge- 

* Ibid. 

** Ibid. 

*' This was the name applied to Ukraine under tsarism. 

* Bilshovyk Ukrayiny No. 3, 1928. 

= J. V. Stalin, Sechineniya VIII, Moscow, 1948, рр. 152, 153. 


23 


neral of the Communist Party (b) of Ukraine wrecked Shum- 
skism-Khvylovism. О. Shumsky and H. Hrynko were deported 
from Ukraine. M. Volobuyev and his doctrine were condemned 
by a special resolution of the party central committee. The 
NKVD initiated a wide action against the so-called Ukrainian 
"bourgeois nationalism.” 

Early in 1930 the court trial, staged against SVU (Spilka 
Vyzvolennya Ukrayiny — Association for the Liberation of Uk- 
raine), gave the bolsheviks an opportunity to liquidate savagely 
many worthy Ukrainian leaders in the field of culture; aca- 
demicians, professors and civic leaders. 

This trial allowed the Soviets to conduct through courts, and 
often without, mass repression against all segments of Ukrainian 
nationally conscious elements; the intelligentsia, peasants and 
workers. The Ukrainian Autocephalic Church was also 
liquidated at that time, and a series of trials were staged, for 
example of agronomists," forestry workers, and others. 

Stalin saw clearly in the early 1930-s after the liquida- 
tion of NEP and the forcible collectivization of agriculture 
that Ukraine was very far from being submissive to his imperial 
interests. This complicated the situation and necessitated 
changing his nationality policy toward Ukraine, which took the 
form of dispersal of the forces of the Ukrainian renaissance, 
liquidation of the Ukrainization policy and institution of total 
terror against all segments of the Ukrainian nation. 


3. THE BEGINNING OF FORCED COLLECTIVIZATION. 


The beginning of the new stage did not find the Ukrainians 
giving up their struggle for autonomy, although the struggle 
assumed a different from in the early 1930-s. 

The main purpose of the forced collectivization of agricul- 
ture was, as is well known, to develop a strong industry at the 
expense of the peasants, and thus increase the Soviets’ war 
potential, which in turn was necessary to reach their chief 
objective: the overthrow of governments and the installation of 
communism throughout the entire world.” 


** Pravda, March 20, 1930. 

^ During the period from 1926-27 to 1936-37 the Government's grain 
reserves increased in proportion to the total grain harvested from 17.8% to 
49.7%. See S. N. Prokopovich, Narodnoe khozyeystvo SSSR, v. 1, New 
York, 1952, p. 213. 





24 


Nowadays nobody believes that the peasants joined the 
collective farms of their own volition. “The best evidence of 
this point is the fact that less than 2 per cent of the peasant 
households entered collective farms during the years of the New 
Economic Policy, between 1921 and 1929, when the choice 
between individual and collective farming was genuinely free." 

As is known, the compulsory establishment of collective 
farms proceeded simultaneously with the liquidation of the 
so-called "kurkuls" as a class. The "de-kurkulization" was an 
extremely painful operation. “There has been а huge "liquida- 
tion" of the more well-to-do and incorrigibly individualistic 
peasants loosely and conveniently dubbed "kurkuls". They 
have been packed off in hundreds of thousands. if not in millions, 
for forced labor in timber camps, on canals, and in new con- 
struction enterprises." 

This was open, unconcealed oppression by the government 
against the most cultured wealthier peasants, the aim of which 
was to show the remainder what kind of fate lay in store for them 
if they resisted collectivization. In spite of this, the Ukrainian 
peasants, well aware of the reason why the collective farms were 
being established showed no desire to enter them, not wishing 
that the results of their labor be taken by the authorities without 
compensation. 

The peasants opposed collectivization fiercely. In 1930, 
during the first stage of compulsory collectivization, there was 
a number of uprisings in variousregions of Ukraine, which were 
cruelly suppressed by the government. 

Unable to fight any other way, and being weakened by 
privation, the peasants fought passively, but in united mass 
opposition. 

The bulk of the peasants remained in the countryside. 
Collectivization brigadiers went through the streets every mor- 
ning. driving the peasants out to work. They went only under 
compulsion, taking a long time to get ready and starting work 
late. They invariably brought something back home. some 





W. H. Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Age, Boston, 1934, р. 66. 





Ibid. p. 67. 
** According to Otto Schiller, in many cases in 1931 the collective farm 
workers got for a year’s work hardly enough income to buy a pair of boots, 
and in some cases they received absolutely nothing. See Dr. Otto Schiller, 
[pa аи Landwirtschaft in der Sovietunion. Berlin, 





> 


ears of grain in a pocket or bag, knowing well that they would 
get little or nothing for their official working day. 

The industrious Ukrainian peasant, who had tilled his own 
plot of land from sunrise to sunset, lost all zest for work when he 
was on the collective farm. Не saw the general disorder, the 
ignorance of collective farm managers who, as a rule, know 
nothing of farming, being either communists sent down for the 
job, or ne'er-de-wells with party cards in their pockets. 

From its beginning in 1929, and over a period of three years, 
the peasants fought collectivization with the greatest obstinacy. 
The struggle found repercussion in the press and at party 
meetings. It permeated all the life of that period. The stiffest 
opposition was in Ukraine and the Northern Caucasus. 

Some examples: 

"They are not making satisfactory preparation for the 
harvest campaign in Ukraine. We must break opportunism, 
mobilize the masses and get to work.” 

In the material quoted at the third All-Ukrainian Party 
Conference in July 1932, it was stressed that during the har- 
vesting campaign of 1931, losses amounted to between 30 and 40 
per cent, and were generally estimated to run between 2,400 and 
3,200 thousands tons of grain.” 

Tn an editorial of October 7, 1931, PRAVDA wrote: "the 
majority of the regions of Ukraine and of the Northern Cau- 
casus did not start the September grain collection campaign in 
а bolshevik manner." 

After this the matter of grain collections was never off the 
pages of PRAVDA. “The surrender of bread is particularly 
behind in Ukraine"; "Ukraine is the most decisive area of bread 
collection in the entire Union”; "The Party is expecting the 
CP(b)U to give an exemplary performance in the matter of 
bread"; "Ukrainian bolsheviks have not made a break-through 
on the bread front""; and finally early in March PRAVDA 
admitted that “Ukraine is far behind in the completion of grain 
collections (86 per e >? Wits such a balance was the 

** Pravda, May 23, 

“ Pravda, А т, jy "S. 1932. 
*' Pravda, October 7, 

© Pravda, December 31, 1931. 
тыа. January 6, 1932. 

** Ibid., January 13, 1932. 


“ fbid., January 28, 1932. 
** ТЫй., March 6, 1932. 


26 





sericulsaral year 1931 ended, the second year of the collectivized 
farms. 

The next year showed that conditions of the agricultural 
affairs became even worse. 

In March PRAVDA emhasized that “Ukraine is in the last 
ranks of grain collection” and that “Ukraine is disgracefully 
behind."* 

PRAVDA of March 8, criticized the accomplishments of the 
Northern Caucasus very sharply, stressing г at the same time that 

"in Ukraine the situation is even worse,” 

“The party expects the Ukrainian organization to conduct a 
bolshevik struggle for the success of the sowing campaign," and 
a little later PRAVDA wrote that "the course of sowing in Uk- 
raine is still unsatisfactory."* Finally the Third All-Ukrainian 
Party Conference admitted that “the summing up of the sowing 
campaign in Ukraine showed it be unsatisfactory.""" 

The harvest fared no better. According to conditions as 
of July 15, 1932, harvesting proceeded poorly all over the USSR. 
PRAVDA stressed that "this applies primarily to Ukraine and 
the Northern Caucasus." 

PRAVDA commented on this matter many times. It 
emphasized that in comparison with the provious year, on the 
зате date there were 5.1 million hectares less reaped in Ukraine, 
and 2 million less in the Northern Caucasus." 

As of November 1, 1932 Ukraine had fulfilled for the year 
1932: plan of grain collections 41 per cent, threshing 64 per cent, 
winter grain sowing 86 рег cent, sugar-begt harvesting 69 per 
cent, and and sugar-beet deliveries 60 per cent." 

Is it any wonder that during the gathering of the harvest in 
Ukraine in 1932 there was a loss of grain amounting to between 
3,360,000 tons and 3,250,000 tons.” 

All indications pointed to Ukraine being on the thre- 
shold of great and epoch-making events. 









“ Ibid, March 2, UE: № Pravda, May 24, 1932. 
** Ibid., March 8, м" Pravda. July 15, 1932. 
* Pravda, Мау EA “ Pravda, July 21, 1932. 


* Pravda, July 26, 27, 28 and 30. The harvesting brigade of the 
collective farm "Chervona Armiya” in Ukraine was composed of 29 workers, 
they started work at 7.30 in the morning and worked until late at night, but 
actual working time was 2 hours and 14 minutes, during which they cut 
2.5 hectares of rye. Pravda, July 31, 1933. 

* Pravda, November 24, 1933. 

“ Pravde, August 22, 1933. 


27 


CHAPTER I 


1 
PLANNING AND PREPARATION OF THE FAMINE 


The All-Ukrainian Party Conference of July 1932. Par- 
ticipation of Molotov and Kaganovich, Preparatory activities 
towards organizing the famine. Decree of August 7, 1932 on 
dealing with thieves of socialist property, its contents 
Practical application. Decree of August 22, 1932 on dealing 
with speculators. 


At the very beginning of compulsory collectivization the 
peasants of Ukraine assumed an attitude of decided opposition to 
the government and systematically refused to carry out its or- 
ders in the farming sector. A similar situation prevailed in the 
Northern Caucasus. 

The Third All-Ukrainian Party Conference was called early 
in July of 1932, with just one problem up for discussion; the 
agricultural economy of Ukraine. The problem was formulated 
thus: “A summary of the spring planting campaign, preparation 
of grain reserves, a harvesting campaign and the task of an or- 
ganizational strengthening of collectives.” A poignant criticism 
of the work of the Ukrainian Party organization was delivered 
by representatives of Moscow, Politburo members V. Molotov 
and L. Kaganovich. 

L. Kaganovich emphasized in his speech, that “we, the re- 
presentatives of the central committee, are here to criticize the 
Ukrainian Party organization and its mistakes in the practical 
application of agricultural economies, which cannot be deemed 
satisfactory” (PRAVDA, July 14, 1932). 

The conference itself, and speeches by delegates and facts 
and examples quoted by them, furnished conclusive proof that 
the peasants of Ukraine did not wish to join the collectives. 
Those who were forcibly put in collectives sabotaged the work 
and refused to work. The land taken away from the peasants 
for collectivization was not tilled properly, a lot of grain was 
wasted during harvesting, cattle were dying for lack of attention, 
and individual peasants were attempting to fend for themselves 


29 


by concealing part of the crops and directing their main efforts 
towards uncollectivized lands. The government could not doubt 
that the peasants had gone out on strike, assuming an attitude 
of opposition to its plans. 

This anti-collective strike in Ukraine and the Northern 
Caucasus (Don and Kuban) put Moscow in a very awkward 
position, paralyzing the various stages of five-year-plans aimed 
at strengthening Moscow's military position. The result was an 
All-Union crisis, officially called "difficulties of the USSR” and 
its basis was the falling out of Ukraine from the planned system, 
Ukraine being the most important sourse of produce and war 
materials of the entire Soviet Union. 

Moscow was well aware of the part played by Ukraine in 
providing grain reserves during the First Five-Year Plan ini- 
tiated in 1928. During the first two years of the plan Moscow 
estimated that "Ukraine played an exceptionalJy important part 
in averting a food crisis... While at the beginning of 1928 these 
difficulties constituted a direct threat to the realization of the 
building of socialism for the entire Union, the Ukrainian party 
organization succeeded in effecting a quick mobilization, and in 
reality carried the whole load of the campaign of 1928 (jointly 
with the Northern Caucasus and Siberia). In the summer of 
1929 the Ukrainian organization was еттеп у successful in 
realizing plans of agriculture, and finally in the fall of 1929, 
notwithstanding the loss of winter crops, Ukraine was the first 
in the entire Union to complete the very strenuous task” 
(PRAVDA, November 29, 1929). 

Sabotaging the government's plans in agriculture by the 
peasants during the compulsory collectivization in the early 
1930-s and Ukraine's falling behind in the execution of plans for 
these years created a mass of problems for Moscow. Thus 
Moscow turned full attention to Ukraine. To quote Pravda of 
August 31, 1931: “In the agricultural planning of the USSR Uk- 
raine occupies the first place. One third of all the food for the 
entire coutry must come from there." 

The problem arose of taking appropriate measures against 
the striking peasants. Moscow decided, without qualms about 
using the most cruel methods, to break the anti-collectivization 
strike of the Ukrainian peasants and by forcing them into 
collectives to compel them to work. Moscow took steps to re- 
alize the plan of starving the Ukrainian peasants, thus bringing 








30 


them to their knees, and ending forever all ideas of small hold- 
ings and individual ownership. As we shall point out later, the 
plans to obtain the desired result by causing a famine were 
effected by taking away from the Ukrainian peasants all food 
reserves, first of all grain as the most essential commodity. 

In order to carry out the planned famine, as part of the 
campaign, a whole series of decrees and measures were put into 
effect in the latter part of 1932 and early 1933. 

As early as the Seventeenth Conference of the All-Union 
Communist Party in the spring of 1932, such statements were 
made as: “the existence of petit-bourgeois hesitation and dis- 
order, lack of discipline, and an anti-social attitude to the efforts 
of some workers on collectives... pose the problem of a decided 
and firm action against it..." 

The Second Five-Year-Plan was primarily aimed at “liqui- 
dation of small-holders’ ideology of amassing private property, 
which is directly traceable to generations of small-holders.”” 

A series of laws enacted at that time were formally directed 
against the peasant class of the USSR as a whole. But in effect, 
as events progressed and showed, their point was directed 
against the Ukrainian peasants. This was a logical consequence 
not only of the new course set by Moscow against Ukraine in 
the 1930’s in connection with the development of imperialist 
tendencies by Moscow, but also of the obviously tough oppo- 
sition to collectivization by peasants of Ukraine, regardless of 
their territorial location. 

Planning the famine, the government was well aware that 
starving peasants would in desperation, and in order to survive, 
go after collective property, mainly food products. Therefore, 
well in advance, on August 7, 1932, a decree was issued on the 
protection of socialist property. 

The main idea of this decree was that “common property, i.e. 
government, collective or cooperative property is sacred and 
that people who are tempted to take such property are to be con- 
sidered common enemies; therefore it is the prime duty of the 
government organs of the Soviet authorities to lead in a firm 
fight against pilfering." (PRAVDA, August 8, 1932). 

On the basis of these principles the Central Committee of 





* XVII konferentsiya vsesoyusnoy kommunisticheskoy parti! (b, Ste- 
nografichesk otchet, Moscow, 1932, р. 243. 


* Ibid, р. 250. 


31 


the Party and the government decided: “То identify in point of 
importance collective property with government property and 
augment the protection of this property from malefactors. 
Applying different standards of court procedure and law against 
the theft of collective and cooperative property by reason of 
social necessity — execution by firing squad and confiscation of 
all property, with an alternative, under mitigating circumstances, 
of no less than 10 years penal servitude and confiscation of pro- 
perty. No amnesty would apply to felons convicted of theft of 
collective or cooperative property" (PRAVDA, August 8, 1932). 

This decree raised the wave of terror to unheard of heights. 
Everyone fell under the persecution. А railroad employee 
would be found guilty for just picking up a few grains scattered on 
the ground outside the tracks leading to a warehouse, a boy for 
breaking off one head of cabbage. a laborer who inadvertently took 
home in his pocket a minor tool, a clerk who unknowingly put a 
pencil in his coat pocket, and so ad infinitum. But the harshest 
blow fell upon peasants and workers on collective farms. Not 
only the cutting of pods,” but even gathering scattered grain on 
fields after harvesting. was considered the gravest offense 
against the state, and children as well as adults were subject to 
the same kind of severe punishment.’ 

In the process of putting this decree into effect, needless and 
inexcusable cruelties were perpetrated upon the peasants. Some 
of them were admitted by Vyshinsky, then Chief Prosecutor of 
the USSR. The courts went to such extremes, that hitting a pig 
with a rock was found to be “ambushing communal property.” 
The law protected not only the physical untouchability of kol- 
khoz-owned pigs, but even their nerves. A young collective 
worker was given a 10 year term in jail for “joking with a girl in 


* The practice of cutting off pods in the fields before harvest-time 
became common in Ukraine in June 1932, because many peasants were then 
already starving as a result of heavy grain deliveries in 1931. This practice 
was one of the reasons for the new decree. V. Molotov in his speech at the 
Third Ukrainian Party Conference in July, 1932, said, "the problem of com- 
batting pilfering of grain during and after its harvesting is of great import- 
ance fluencing grain reserves and (next season's) sowing campaign." 
(Prav July 14, 1932). 

* [n the Northern Caucasus, a 65 year old peasant by the name of Do- 
rokhov was sentenced to 10 years for picking 12 kilograms of pods. Si- 
milarly 2 men. Kravchenko (66 years) and Rudenko (60 years old) were each 
sentenced to 10 years for possessing 2 kilograms of picked pods. A. Ya. Vy- 
shinsky, Revolutslonnaya zakonnost na sovremennom elape, Moscow, 1933, 
р. 104. 









32 


a pigpen thereby disturbing the peace of the collective hogs” 
(the quotation is from the court sentence.") 

In order to expedite the fight against all enemies of the 
"collective order" and to combat theft of "socialist property," 
the Commissariat of Justice (Moscow) created the new post of 
Prosecutor of the USSR, "for the purpose of unification of the 
activities of prosecutors of the union republics,” and with the 
object of "strengthening socialist justice and providing the proper 
protection for communal property in the USSR against the greed 
of anti-social elements."* 

The issuance of this last decree was a manifestation of 
Moscow's lack of confidence in local or provincial functionaries, 
in this case the Union Republics’ Prosecutors’ Offices. Dr. 
Ewald Ammende in his book HUMAN LIFE IN RUSSIA 
(London, 1936, p. 124) has this to say about the above decree: 
“Thus, by this decree the entire judicial system and even the fate 
of the individual Ukrainian State officials was made to depend 
directly on Moscow.” 

Among the measures enacted against the Ukrainian 
peasants, there is a significant decree of August 22, 1932. “On 
combating speculation in goods for general consumption." The 
importance of this measure lay in the fact that peasants living in 
the villages were permitted to purchase their essential necessities 
in official stores only on fulfilment of their full quotas of sur- 
rendered crops and produce (grain, meat, butter, eggs, fruit 
etc.). Any person who was behind in his quota was auto- 
matically deprived of the right to buy salt, sugar, kerosene, 
matches, textiles, etc. It was only natural that those who were 
not granted the privilege of trading with the official local store, 
would absent themselves from work on collective farms and 
walk to the cities in search of these goods. This decree classed 
them as speculators and provided sentences of from 5 to 10 years 
confinement in concentration camps, without the right to any 
amnesties.* 

A very large number of peasants working on collective 
farms were punished under the provisions of this decree. 

* Thid., pp. 102-103. The same book and pp. refer to the sentencing of а 


whole family for catching fish in a river which fowed near the collective 
farm. d 


* Pravda, June 21, 1933. 


7 Osnovnye directivy parili i pravitelsiva khosaystyennomu stro- 
ата 1991-1834 gg., Moscow, 1934, 24 ed. т 
TI. p. 


? 33 


2 


The struggle between the peasants and the government 
for bread in Ukraine. Confiscation of food from peasants 
during the food reserves campaign of 1932-1933. The technique 
and practice of taking away food from peasants. V. M. Mo- 
lotov's trip to Ukraine towards the end of 1932. The organiza- 
tion of political branches attached to machine tractor statfons 
and their role in the famine. A purge in the party. 





The summer of 1932 in Ukraine was notable for the sharp 
conflict between the authorities and peasants for bread. The go- 
vernment tried to get as much food out of Ukraine as possible, 
the peasants, on the other hand, did everything in their power to 
prevent this and to keep as much as possible for themselves. 

The All-Ukrainian Party Conference of July 1932 adopted a 
resolution, stressing that "the grain collection plan for Ukraine 
set at the figure of 57 million cwt. is accepted by the conference 
as an absolutely essential measure" (PRAVDA, July 15, 1932). 

In order to emphasize that the plan was not exaggerated, 
Molotov said in his speach: “оп the basis of previous estimates, 
the collection of grain (for the entire USSR — author's remark) 
should exceed the previous year by 80 million cwt." Molotov 
ended his directive thus: “по backtracking or any wavering from 
the tasks to be accomplished as set forth by the party and soviet 
government" (PRAVDA, July 14, 1932). 

In practice the estimates of the conference were never re- 
alized. “As of August 1, in Ukraine 8,196 hectares were 
harvested, or the equivalent of 51.9 per cent of all winter and 
early spring sowings” (PRAVDA, August 7, 1932). 

‘The peasants were handed their quotas for the surrender of 
food products in July (these included not only grain, but meat, 
milk, butter, eggs, wool, etc.). In point of fact during the first 
five-day period of food surrender in August the plan was 
executed in Ukraine to the extent of 2.6 per cent and in the 
Northern Caucasus 2.5 per cent.” 





* Pravda, August 10, 1932. 


34 


Some of the collective workers, individual farmers and col- 
lective farms completed their quotas in full. But in general the 
majority of Ukrainian peasants did not fulfill the plan and used 
all possible means to evade it. 

The government then embarked upon forcible collection of 
food from the collectives, collective farmers and individual 
peasants who had not given up their quotas. According to the 
central directives, it was proposed that every village should, 
depending on its size, be divided into a number of subdivisions 
(hamlets, etc.) and to each of these a special brigade was atta- 
ched, whose task it was to complete the plan of collection. 

As a rule such a brigade consisted of a member of the pre- 
sidium of the village soviet or a party representative, and two or 
three local "activists" (this latter group would include former 
red partisans, former hoboes, ex-convicts and such), and there 
would also be an additional member from the board of the local 
co-operative. Depending on local conditions the composition of 
the brigade would sometimes differ; if the quotas were large and 
poorly executed, they would include a larger number of party 
representatives from the regional, district or central offices. 
Quite often teachers, students, clerks from village and district 
offices would be compelled to join. The groundwork of the 
organization of such brigades was laid in 1930 and 1931 and they 
were constantly improved upon. As a rule the man in charge 
would be an outsider, a special functionary dispatched from the 
region, district or center. Every brigade had at least one 
“specialist” charged with uncovering hidden foodstuffs with the 
aid of long sharp-pointed steel prong. 

These brigades went from house to house, day after day, 
looking for hidden food. They searched homes, attics, cellars 
and all farm buildings, barns, stables, pens, and stacks. They 
would measure the thickness of the wall under the oven, to find 
if there was grain concealed in the foundation. They knocked on 
floors and walls and whenever the sound was dull they would 
pry the place open. Sometimes whole walls were pulled down, 
ovens wrecked, and the last grain taken away when anything 
was found. The collection was characterized by acts of wanton 
destruction and extreme cruelty. Every brigade had its head- 
quarters, manned by a special staff. Peasants were hauled to 
headquarters and there subjected to all-night interrogations 
with beatings, water-treatment, and semi-naked confinement in 


35 


cold cells. Many instances of torture were noted at this time. 

The methods employed were many and varied. A former 
scientist of Kharkiw University C.R. (who is now in the United 
States) received the following description of an action from his 
father, a local peasant of Lysiache, Karliw region near Poltava: 
"My son-in-law did not join the collective, so in the fall of 1932 
a production-tax of 100 puds of grain was levied on him. He 
paid this in full. Then, just before Christmas, an additional 
200 puds was levied. He did not have the 200, he did not even 
have 20, so he was threatened with jail for failing to pay. He 
sold a cow, a horse and some clothes, bought the necessary 200 
puds and paid the tax. Then in February, 1933, the local 
authorities notified him that he had to surrender another 300 
puds. He refused to pay this third assessment, because he had 
nothing left and was himself starving. А commission then came 
to his house to look for food. Of course they did not find 
anything except a little bag of inferior grain and a pot of beans, 
which they took. The only thing he had left was a sack of 
potatoes.” This last food went fast, and then....." 

Local activists who took part in the search for food for con- 
fiscation naturally by-passed their own homes, and thus 
succeeded in keeping some small reserves for themselves. The 
emissaries sent down to collect grain from the larger centers 
then changed their method of operation so that brigade 
members would not work in their own villages. Thus when 
working among strangers they would be more thorough and not 
let one house get by without search. This explains why even many 
activists died as a result of famine in the spring of 1933. Their 
food had also been taken away from them." 

Eyewitnesses from all parts of Ukraine tell similar stories 
about food collections conducted in the fall of 1932 and the 
spring of 1933. “All edible products were requisitioned” — 
village of Zorich, Orzich region, Poltava district. “They took 
away everything that could be eaten" — village of Veprik, Ha- 
dyach region, Sumy district. “АП bread was requisitioned, and 
even peas, down to the last kilogram" — village of Uspenivka, 
Khmiliw, Mikolayiw district. “They took grain, potatoes, and 


* This entire family of five (father, mother and three children) died as 
a result of famine. Material collected by D. Solovey, Stezhkamy па Holhotu, 
Detroit, 1952. p. 58 and 57. 

> See chapter VITI, infra, 


36 


beets almost to the last kilogram" — village of Sofievka, Novo- 
Mirhorod region, Odessa district. "Everything, literally 
everything was taken, they did not leave one kilogram of bread” 
— village of Strizavka, Rzhyshchev region, Kiev district. 

There are known cases where, in the winter of 1932-33, 
commissions charged with confiscating grain from the peasants 
examined human fecal matter in order to establish what the 
people were eating, because although people were swearing that 
they had nothing to eat, yet they were staying alive! People 
who, in this manner were proved to have been consuming grain 
bread had to flee in order to escape prosecution. 

Conditions under which the plans for grain collection were 
being executed in 1932 can best be illustrated by the fact that 
the single Pavlohrad region near Dnipropetrovsk, consisting of 
37 village soviets and 87 collective farms, had a team of 200 
collectors sent down from the regional party committee, and 
almost a like number from the regional komsomol committee.* 

Assuming conservatively that other sections of Ukraine 
were visited by only half the proportionate number of collectors 
as the Pavlohrad region, their total number all over Ukraine 
would reach well-nigh 100,000 men, and this does not include 
special emissaries from districts and centers, whose number was 
steadily growing in connection with collection "difficulties" and 
a general deterioration of the political-economic situation. 

The central press emphasized in September 1932 that "Uk- 
raine and the Northern Caucasus have not carried out their fall 
sowing" (PRAVDA, September 12, 1932). And one month 
later — "As of October 1, 1932 the plan of fall sowing in Ukraine 
has been executed to the extent of 47.7 per cent, where last year 
at the same time 2.261 thousand hectares more had been sown” 
(PRAVDA, October 8, 1932). An editorial in the same issue of 
PRAVDA, "Fall Sowing in Ukraine," ended with these words: 
“The work of the Ukrainian Party organization has the attention 
of the entire party.” 

More and more emissaries were dispatched from the center 
to expedite the work of food collection, among them the most 
responsible representatives of the party and government. An 
eyewitness, P. B., who was employed by a regional organization 
in the Kozelshch region of Poltava district, describes the arrival 


* Pravda, August 24, 1932. 


37 


of Molotov in his region in November 1932. “А meeting was 
called at Kozelshch of inter-regional party heads, secretaries of 
party committees, representatives of the central committee, and 
other delegates of the government of the republic charged with 
grain collection. After this meeting there was increased activity 
all over the regional institutions. Soon thereafter, one day 
around 10 a.m., a work-train arrived and stopped opposite the 
village of Kozelshchina. A crew of laborers got off and within 
half an hour laid a spur-track. This train departed in the di- 
rection of Kremenchuh. Half an hour later a passenger train 
arrived and stopped on the spur. All other railroad traffic 
ceased. The train consisted of a locomotive, a platform car with 
passenger automobiles on it, and three parlor-cars. The train 
was surrounded by a military guard of GPU of men. Through 
the rear platform of the last car, guarded by two additional 
sentries, two people would go in at a time, spending between 10 
and 15 minutes inside. They were undoubtedly regional dele- 
gates and party secretaries. V. Molotov did not even leave his 
car. Thetrain stood there for an hour and a half and then leftin 
the direction of Poltava. The work-train then returned and the 
spur-track was taken up. 

That very same day a delegate and a party secretary of the 
regional party committee of Kozelshch region disappeared. 
I do not remember their names. The next day new leaders took 
the places of those deposed, and many new brigadiers arrived. 
"The apparatus set in motion by Molotov went berserk though 
the countryside. Total searches were made and everything was 
taken away, including bags of vegetable, seed, baked bread, and 
even meals already cooked." 

Molotov paid Ukraine another visit later. 

Mr. C. (an engineer) points out that towards the end of 1932 
when the peasants of Zaporozhe were already starving, special 
commissions went from housefta'house and took away everything 
that was edible. Anything they could find: one or two kilo- 
grams of grain, or poppyseed, even bread baking in the ovens. 
One such commission in the village of Fedoronka included Mo- 
lotov himself, then chief of the council of ministers of the USSR. 

During this campaign in villages and regional centers a most 
detailed account was kept of all stocks found in individual 
homes. 

Light can be shed on the general situation in villages during 


38 


the campaign by quoting the report made by experts in the Kri- 
nichan region of the Dniepropetrovsk region, as of January 1, 
1933. (Published in CHAS No. 21, 1949). 


Name quote set amount in cwt remarks 
by center executed 

Village of Aull. 

Horbonos, Kusma 27 65 auctioned? 

Horbonos, Panas 123 1642 full compliance 

Makarenko, Palaska 16:0 6.05 auctioned 

Zelenko, Korny 100 = auctioned, works in 
bldg trade 

Kborsun, Stepan 17.0 - aucfioned, man sent 
to Solowky 


Village of Romankovo 


Suchy, Jakiv Fedorovich 14.0 - auctioned 1931 
sentenced 1932 

Karaul, Dmytro Шећ 13.5 - property confiscated 

Bondar, Fed. Fed. 20.0 46 auctioned 

Bluzeyk, Jakob Fed. 35 3.0 property confisc. 1931 

Pivnenko, Havr. H. 5.5 20 


Village of Novoseliwka 





22.34 19.68 cannot be found 
20.17 15.15 
Village of Mikolayiwka 
Konik, Ivan 75 — escaped. 
Tiahnyhri Fed. 38 — escaped 





In many instances the job of extracting grain from the 
peasants was turned over to municipal police authorities. This 
applied in particular to cities in whose immediate neighborhood 
agriculture prevailed, and whose population had close ties with 
the peasants, in the surrounding villages. 

The militia command of the city of Karniansk, district of 
Dnipropetrovsk reported by letter on February 24, 1933, No. 721 
to the Chief of the City Council, the Secretary of the Party 
Committee, the Chief of the city division of the GPU, and the 
City Attorney, on grain collections up to February 23, 1933. 
This official letter is reproduced below: (CHAS No. 20, 1949). 


* If а peasant did not surrender the quota of grain levied on him or 
other food products, his property was auctioned off for “debt” the debt being 
the unfulfilled quota. 


39 


Totals collected: 
in the city: in the villages: 
grain — 304 kilograms grain — 4,134 kilograms 
CITY OF KAMIANSKE: 


CONCEALED — Soroka, Ivan Oleksiovich, worker living in 
the city of Makianske, concealed in his home 
grain brought to him by his sister who took 
it Нот the village. As a result of a search, 
119 Kg. wheat, and 50 Kg. other grain taken 
away. 

Investigation ordered. 

VOLUNTARY SURRENDER 6 persons surrendered all kinds 

of grain 87 Kg. 


VILLAGE OF KRINICHKI: 


VOLUNTARY — Afanasieva Hanna, residing in the 4th quart- 
er, opened a pit in her garden and surren- 
dered to the government 150 Kg. of barley. 
Social class — middle. 

VOLUNTARY — Solonaya, Maria Martinovna, residing in the 
3rd quarter opened a hole under the oven and 
gave up 54 Kg. rye. 

VOLUNTARY —Chernenko, Oleksy Matviyovich, residing in 
the 8th quarter opened a pit in the horse-stable 
and surrendered rye — 10 cwt. 

VOLUNTARY — Kirsan, Kharlampy, residing in the Ist quart- 
er, dug up and surrendered miscell. grain 
135 Kg. 

VOLUNTARY — Zawhorodny, Fedir Hrihorovich living in 
the 4th quarter, dug up and gave 35 Kg. rye. 
Social class: individual farmer. middle. 

VOLUNTARY — Hlukhy, Semen, living in the 4th quarter, 
individual farmer, middle class. Dug up and 
gave mixed grain (surzik, consisting of rye, 
wheat, oats) 330 Kg. 

VOLUNTARY — Zaychenko, Cyprian, member of the col- 
lective, dug up and gave miscell. grain 
132 Kg. 

VOLUNTARY — Kirsan, Feodosy, middle cl. dug up and gave 
rye 152 Kg. 


40 


VOLUNTARY — Kuzhenko, Ivan, soc. cl. middle, opened pit 
and surrendered grain 250 Kg. 

VOLUNTARY — Ribka, Andrey, soc. class: poor. Dug up and 
gave 123 Kg. of SURZIK (a mixture of rye, 
wheat, oats and barley). 

CONCEALED — Litovchenko,Maria Martinovna, soc. class 
middle, residing in the 3rd quarter. Found 
buried and taken away 600 Kg. barley. 

CONCEALED — Drobny, Serhiy Arsentovich, soc. cl. middle, 
concealed grain. Found in pit and taken 
miscel grain 221 Kg. 

CONCEALED — Lebid Akulina, sec. cl. poor, residing in 4th 
quarter, concealed grain. Found and taken 
barley 70 Kg. other 88 Kg. 


VILLAGE OF KARNAUKHIWKA: 


CONCEALED — Nazarenko, Mykola, soc. cl. middle. In the 
yard, under cornstalks, found corn which 
when cleaned yielded 320 Kg. corn, 50% 
rotten. Investigation ordered. 

CONCEALED — Zinenko, Konstantin, soc. cl. middle, worker 
in the Petrovsky factory, concealed grain. 
Different grain found amounts to 240 Kg. 
Found in oven. Zinenko is a candidate for 
membership in the communist party of Uk- 
raine. 

CONCEALED — Shulha, Kalistrat, soc. cl. middle, works in 
the Petrovsky factory, hid grain. Found in 
oven, different grain 96 Kg. Investigation 
ordered. 


Chief Command of the City Militia of Kamianske (Hrabchenko) 
Chief of Operations Department (Malovnik) 

The authorities and their local representatives knew that 
when they took food away from the peasants, they were con- 
demning them to death by starvation. Towards the end of 1932 
it was no longer a secret that there were many cases of death by 
starvation. But collection of food proceeded regardless. The 
demands of Ukrainian peasants that after complete or partial 
fulfillment of quotas they should be permitted to keep some part 
in order to survive, were deemed by Moscow to be the opposition 


а 


of class enemies to the government's task. The enemy must be 
conquered at all cost, because "revolutionary diligence and 
readiness to break the class enemy must be the first command- 
ment of a communist."* 

In accordance with this decision a whole system was set 
up to handle the peasants, with the objective of starving them. 
It was decreed in January 1933 that political departments were to 
be established, attached to all machine-tractor stations and Sov- 
khozes, "their primary task being the safeguarding of an ab- 
solute and timely execution by collective farms and collective 
farmers of all duties imposed on them by the government, and 
first of all relentless fight against the theft of collective 
property and any attempts to sabotage the endeavors of the 
party and government in regard to collection of grain and meat 
products from collective farms." 

Chiefs of political branches were commended to "secure 
unshrinking, regular and timely application of the laws of the 
Soviet Union in the matter of administrative and penal measures 
against organizers of theft of common property and sabotage of 
endeavors of the party and government in the matter of agri- 
cultural economics" (OP. CIT. above p. 776). A total of 3368 
political divisions were established attached to machine-tractor 
stations, 643 of them being in Ukraine." 

This decision in fact required those in charge of machine- 
tractor stations to terrorise the peasants, so that зоте of the 
masses of workers on collective farms would become more docile. 

These political divisions undertook their activity on a wide 
scale. According to the reports of the 600 or more political 
divisions attached to machine-tractor stations they fired and 
purged 50 per cent of all chiefs of collective farms, more than 31 
per cent of collective brigadiers, 47 per cent of the men in charge 
of farms, 24 per cent of horse breeders, 32 per cent in charge of 
cattle ranches, 25 per cent of the bookkeepers and accountants 


* From a decision by the joint plenum of the Central Committee of the 
All-Union Communist Party (bolshevik) of January, 1933. VEP(b) v rezo- 
lyutsiyakh i resheniyakh sezdov konferentsli i plenumov (1898—1932), 
Part IT (1924—1933), Moscow, 1933, p. 769. 

" Ibid., р. 776. 

* Borba partii bolchevikov za kollektivizatsiyu selskogo khozaystva v 
gody pervoy stalinskoy pyatiletki, Moscow, 1951, p. 207; see also Pri 
November 24, 1933. 





42 


and 40 per cent of the collective farm warehousemen." 

This same plenum decided to conduct a purge of the party 
in order to “clean out all doubtful and unreliable elements.” 

The purge of the party was designed to leave within the 
party ranks only those who, disregarding everything else, would 
be ready to support actively all the undertakings of the party and 
government, especially those measures directed against the 
peasants who refused to work on collective farms. 


* XVII веза vsesoyusnoy kommunisticheskoy partii (b), Stenograficheski 
etchet, Partizdat, 1934, p. 139. 


З VKP(b) v rezoluitsiyakh.. рр. 762-83. 


43 


3 


Intensification of repressive measures by Moscow against 
Ukraine.. Resolution of December 14, 1932 on the sublet of of 
"mistakes" made during the period of Ukrainization. 
solution of December " 1933 on non-fulfillment of grain E 
collection in Ukraine. .Р. Postyshev's arrival in Ukraine... 
attempts to fulfill grain collection plans and measures ее 
“nationalist deviationism." The suicides of M. Khvylovy and M. 
Skrypnyk. . Malcolm Muggeridge on events in Ukraine. 


The situation which developed in Ukraine toward the end 
of 1932 resembled a real war against the peasants, and it was 
clearly being extended to a war against all Ukrainians. 

Moscow considered the results of the grain collection in 
Ukraine unsatisfactory. The dissatisfaction was not surprising, 
especially in view of the fact that at the beginning of 1932, the 
secretary-general of the Communist Party of Ukraine (bol- 
shevik), S. Kosior, promised that Ukraine would, in a very 
short time, be able to deliver 160 million cwt. of grain as part of 
the government plan. 

For a better understanding of Moscow's measures against! 
Ukraine, it would be well to review the international situation of 
the period. It was clear in the summer of 1932 that the Natio- 
nal Socialists with their unconcealed plan of severing Ukraine 
from the USSR and annexing her to Germany would come to 
power in Germany soon. A national-socialist and militarily 
strong Germany would constitute a double threat to Moscow, 
a threat to the entity of the USSR and to Ukraine separately. 

The forces of fascism, clearly pointing against Moscow were 
then being activated everywhere, and this made Moscow appre- 
hensive. 

It is equally important to realize that Moscow was well 





"XVII konferentsiya vsesoyuznoy kommunisticheskoy partil (b), Ste- 
nograficheskl otchet, Moscow, 1932 pp. 
The greatest bumper crop ever produced bj 
ot grain in 1937. Bolshaya sovetskaya entsiklopediya, Moscow, 1948. Vol. LV, 
p. 810. 





4 


aware of the development of Ukraine. During the period of Uk- 
rainization, which, admittedly, was a forced measure, the idea 
of independence developed and took hold in Ukraine. This idea 
prevailed in the realm of national and cultural separateness, a 
different national ideal and honor and, coupled with it, a Ukrai- 
nian feeling of prestige, bordering on, and developing into pride. 
It was but a short step to the idea of economic, political and cul- 
tural ernancipation, and a desire for a national life in accordance 
with the existing constitution, which included the right of seces- 
sion from the Soviet Union. 

Under these circumstances, Moscow could not overlook con- 
ditions in Ukraine, because the threat had become very real. 
Millions of people had been reduced to beggars as a result of the 
forced collectivization. Ukraine as a whole, encouraged by 
events in the outside world was becoming dangerous to Moscow. 
It was clear to the rulers in Moscow that the economic difficulties 
which had developed in Ukraine were rooted in deep political 
and national causes. Looked at from any angle, the situation 
could make Moscow apprehensive. 

It was no longer possible to effect a reconcialition with these 
conditions. Any delay would allow the initiative to pass into 
the hands of Ukrainians. The decision was therefore made to 
keep the initiative in Moscow, and the ironclad logic of this 
resulted in a whole series of measures which would bind Ukraine 
tighter into the monolithic process of an economic, cultural and 
political consolidation of the Soviet Union. 

That is why there was a general war against Ukraine. The 
waging of this war was a deliberate act on the part of Moscow. 
А factor not be overlooked as influencing this decision was the 
growing military strength of Moscow as a result of the First 
Five-Year-Plan. It was no longer necessary to seek anyone's app- 
roval inside the Soviet Union when setting the new course 
against Ukraine. The new Ukrainian political course was 
formally opened in 1932, but its beginnings went back to the 
compulsory collectivization of farms and the trial of Ukrainian 
leaders who were members of "The Association to Free Uk- 
raine.” 

The Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party 
and the Council of Peoples’ Commissars carried a resolution on 
December 14, 1932, which reads: “Serious attention should be 
paid to the proper conduct of Ukrainization, its mechanical 


45 








execution should be terminated, Petlurist and other bourgeois- 
nationalist elements must be removed from party and soviet 
organizations." Hence: "parallel to the fight for bread a de- 
termined fight against the nationalities, their rights and their 
cultural individuality, has been carried on for some time. This 
struggle, too, may be regarded to a certain extent as a con- 
cequence of the famine." 

Moscow's point of departure was that the entire complex of 
events taking place in Ukraine stood in direct relationship to the 
policy of Ukrainization which had, according to Moscow's view- 
point, been at the root of nationalist deviation with the Com- 
munist Party and had produced economic difficulties. S. Ko- 
sior said on this subject: "Speaking of Ukraine, one must stop 
to consider the nationalist deviation in the Communist Party 
of Ukraine (bolshevik), which played an exclusive part in 
causing and deepening the crisis in agriculture. In Ukraine... 
the national flag is of prime importance to the class enemy. One 
could say more — the dominating tinge of the class enemy, his 
camouflage, is the national flag, nationalist garments... They 
are attempting to do their work of destruction under the flag of 
Ukrainization."* 

The resolution of December 14, 1932, later became a turning 
point in the existence of the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re- 
public, although at first the resolution did not change anything, 
and its full meaning was not realized until later, upon the arrival 
in Ukraine of P. Postyshev. 

“According to a later statement by Postyshev, this reso- 
lution of December 14 was the beginning of the ten months’ 
struggle carried on by Moscow in Ukraine — not only in order 
to bring in the harvest, but also to crack local nationalism." 

The end of 1932 and the beginning of 1933 were notable for 
the speeding up of grain collections. PRAVDA of December 4, 
1932 stressed the “shameful dilatoriness of Ukraine during 
this year" and counselled “apply to the kurkuls and semi-kurkuls 
the harshest methods of persuasion." 

Again on December 8, 1932 the same PRAVDA called for 


* Chervony shlyakh, No. 8-9, 1933, p. 246. 

> Dr. Ewald Ammende: Human Life in Russia, London 1936, p. 104. 
* XVII sezd veesoyuznoy kommunisticheskoy partil (bl.., p. 199. 

* Ewald Ammende, Human Life in Russia, London 1936. p. 114. 


46 








"a decisive fight against the remmants of kulaks, especially in 
Ukraine and in the Northern Caucasus." 

On December 24, 1932 the Central Party Committee (Com- 
munist Party of Ukraine) removed "ten men in charge of grain- 
collection in Ukraine for inactivity, and in particular for not 
taking the proper measures to break the opposition of kulak 
sabotage of the grain collection." The case against these ten men 
was presented for further consideration by the Central Com- 
mittee as to the advisability of keeping them in the party." 

А month later two new resolutions were carried which had 
much significance in worsening the famine in Ukraine and the 
Northern Caucasus. 

S. Kosior was not a very good prophet when he said, at the 
beginning of 1932, that "the kurkuls were at present in such a 
state of defeat and liquidation, that there was no chance of their 
ever emerging and turning us back.” 

In the first resolution about undertakings in the matter of 
spring sowing in the Northern Caucasus stress was laid on the 
prime duty of party organizations “to break all opposition of the 
kurkuls, their sabotage and wrecking, which may be repeated 
during seed distribution and during the sowing period. Any kind 
cf laxity towards sabotage will be considered as aiding the enemy 
(kurkul) who is a counter-revolutionary."* 

The sowing campaign was entrusted to a special committee 
having unlimited powers. It consisted of political leaders of the 
Northern Caucasus and its orders were binding upon all insti- 
tutions and authorities of the Northern Caucasus and were not 
subject to appeal to any higher authority. In real charge of the 
entire campaign was L.Kaganovich, member of the Politburo, 
who with a staff of aides, travelled fromplacetoplace. Tens of 
thousands of the population of this section were at that time 
deported to Siberia, among them entire villages, as for example 
Poltavska Stanytsia with a population of ten thousand.” 


* Pravda, December 24, 1932. All these men were employed in the 

ieee most important paris af. Ukraine: Kharkiw, Odessa and Dniepropet- 
Tovsk. 
т XVII konferentsiya...., р. 221. * Pravda, January 24, 1933. 
* Sheboldayev, the Party boss of the Northern Caucasus said in his 
speech at the XVII Party Congress: "The kurkuls, again in 1932, this time 
from the base of collective farms tried to fight us about bread.. But we did 
not understand it.. That is why the Central Committee undertook a series 
of measures and dispatched a group of Central Committee members under 
comrade Kaganovich to us, to help us correct the situation.” XVII sezd 
vsesoyusnoy kommunisticheskoy partii (b)... p. 148. 








47 


Simultaneously, on January 24, 1933 the Central Committee 
of the All-Union Communist Party (b) resolved that "it is 
considered a proven fact that the party organizations of Ukraine 
did not fulfill the duties imposed on them in the matter of grain 
deliveries and execution of the food plan" (PRAVDA, February 
15, 1933). Moscow thus accused the entire Communist Party of 
Ukraine of non-compliance with the execution of food plans. 
Moscow then dispatched its special representatives to Ukraine 
in the following persons: P. Postyshev as first secretary of the 
Kharkiw Committee and as second (organizational) secretary of 
the Central Party Committee of the Communist Party of Uk- 
raine (b), M. Khatayevich as secretary of the Dnipropetrovsk 
Obkom and E. Vecher as secretary of the Odessa Obkom. They 
were charged with extracting all the grain deficiencies. The 
Ukrainian NKVD was put under the new arrival, Balitsky. 
P. Postyshev was the virtual dictator of Ukraine. The bio- 
graphy of Postyshev is full of omissions, but it is certain that he 
was a Russian, came from a working-class family, and during 
the revolution occupied the minor post of political commissar 
attached to an army unit in Siberia. His ascent to power began 
during the time L. Kaganovich was secretary-general of the 
Communist Party of Ukraine. At that time, around 1927, L. Ka- 
ganovich transferred Postyshev from Kiev to the position of the 
Kharkiw district party organization, which autornatically carried 
with it the fourth secretaryship of the Communist Party of 
Ukraine and a member of its politburo. At the next party 
congress he rose to membership in the Central Committee of the 
All-Union Communist Party (b). 

Those were the days when Ukrainization was making great 
strides and had captivated the minds of the urban masses in ever 
increasing circles. It was at at this time, and in matters of Ukraini- 
zation polices that a conflict arose between M. Skrypnyk and P. 
Postyshev. The solution on the conflict could at that time not have 
been other than it was; P. Postyshev was recalled from Ukraine 
in 1928 and made one of the secretaries of the Central Committee 
of the All-Union Communist Party (b) in Moscow. 

Changes which took place in the nationalities policies, and 
the special goals set by Moscow vis-a-vis Ukraine, made Posty- 
shev the best candidate as the personal representative of Stalin. 

It is noteworthy that, among the aides coming to Ukraine 


48 


with Postyshev in January 1933, there were some who had left 
tnere with him five years before. 

‘Conforming with a resolution adopted by the joint plenum 
of the Kharkiw Party Obkom following a speech by P. Posty- 
snev, right after his arrival in Ukraine, the party organization 
was given the task of making good two of its gravest errors, i. e 
“lack of bolshevik fight against Petlyurist elements" and “mani- 
festations of rotten liberalism toward party decisions in the 
matter of grain collection" (PRAVDA, February 6, 1933.). As 
has already been pointed out at the time of Postyshev's arrival 
in late January 1933 a great number of peasants were already 
starving, and a mass death by famine was on the march. Many 
collective farm workers had even those products which they had 
earned on their own time taken from them. Individual peasants, 
i. e. those unconnected with collective farms, were in an even 
worse plight, because it was a rule to take everything found in 
their homes when a search was made. They could only keep 
what they could successfully conceal from the search brigades 
and commissions. This required not only ingenuity, but also 
luck, for in the testimony of foreigners, "the grain collections in 
Ukraine and the Northern Caucasus had been carried out with 
such ruthlessness and brutality that the peasants were left 
completely without food. Thousands were expelled, and in some 
instances the entire population of a village was sent to do forced 
labor in the forests of the north."* 

Up to December 1, 31.2 million cwt. of grain" was extracted 
from all the peasants, which constituted 54.8 per cent of the 
quota of 57 million cwt. set by the government. 

It is very difficult, if not impossible to estimate the amount 
of bread taken from the peasants during the period from Decem- 
ber. 1, 1932 up to the start of soving campaign in the spring 
of 1933. 

Some indication of the amount taken from collective farms, 
collective farm workers and individual peasants during this 
period can be obtained from the fact that even seed grain was 
taken away. At first a separate count of seed grain was kept, 
but later in many instances they were charged to the account of 
straight grain collections. This was considered normal pro- 
cedure. P. Postyshev thus emphasized this matter: “the policy 





Ewald Ammende, Human Life in Russia, p. 56. 
^ XVII зета veesoyusnoy kommunisficheskoy partii (b)... p. 68. 


49 


of establishing and keeping separate seed accounts., before com- 
pletion of grain collection quotas was entirely responsible for 
the weakening of our position in fulfilling the plan of grain 
collections" (PRAVDA, February 15, 1933). 

It was precisely for his wavering attitude in these rnatters 
that P. Postyshev sharply critized his predecessor as Kharkiw 
secretary of the Obkom, Terekhov, who in a speech of Decem- 
ber 23, 1932 addressing the Kharkiw district conference on the 
question of the permissibility of taking seed reserves and 
putting them in the account of grain collections, stated: "Seed 
reserves may be taken for the account of grain collections. It is 
self-evident that records Бауе to be kept. We must not lose 
sight of the sowing campaign and the difficulties connected with 
it. Our approach to this matter of seed must be flexible. We do 
not now wish to be put on record as saying that seed grain has 
to be taken, but we also do not wish the record to state that the 
seed is not to be taken" (PRAVDA, June 22, 1933). 

In one instance P. Postyshev condemned the practice of 
carrying away seed reserves; that was when seed was taken from 
“such collective farms as had complied with their quotas in full 
and on time.” (PRAVDA, ibid.). The extent of the disorga- 
nization in 1932 can be seen from V. Molotov's speech at the 
Second All-Ukrainian Party Conference, where he said: "very 
often, regions and collectives that had fulfilled the plan of grain 
collection received orders for new quotas, and sometimes this 
would be repeated three and four times" (PRAVDA, July 14, 
1932). 

Thus stood the matter of seed reserves. Many collective 
farms had none, because they had been taken away and credited 
to the account of grain collections. Government farms (Sov- 
khozes) were sometimes subjected to the same treatment, 
(PRAVDA, February 26, 1933). 

From the time of Postyshev's arrival in Ukraine, the chief 
attention was given, not to grain collections, but to seed grain 
collections. Officially, the grain collection campaign was halted 
on February 15, 1933" although not because the peasants were 
dying for lack of food. This did not in the least perturb the 
authorities, but they were disturbed by the lack of seed grain 
for the next sowing campaign. 

Pravda, December 16, 1933. 


50 





In his speech to the joint plenum of the Kharkiw Obkom 
and city party on February 4, 1933 Postyshev said that "to 
begin with we must undertake the collection of seed funds; we 
must explain to the masses of collective farm workers that there 
can be no thought of seed aid from the government, and that 
seed grain must be collected and stored in warehouses by the 
collective farms, workers and peasants themselves” (PRAVDA, 
February 8, 1933). 

Knowing in advance how difficult it would be to collect 
seed grain from the starving peasants, P. Postyshev said that 
“we shall have to use the grain collecting method. And just as 
it is naive to think that seed grain will be all ready and waiting in 
scorage. it is therefore imperative to start the fight for the return 
of seed grain to the reserves which were stolen or illegally 
distributed for food." 

From the time of Postyshev's arrival, starving of the 
Ukrainian peasants was carried out under the guise of seed grain 
collection. PRAVDA of February 5, 1933 demanded "severe 
punishment of the peoples' enemies who sabotage the collection 
of seed grain." "Seed funds must be collected immediately and 
at all cost, the collective farms of Ukraine must become collec- 
tive farms of bolshevism," PRAVDA, March 22, 1933. 

The oft-cited HUMAN LIFE IN RUSSIA thus describes 
the condition and feelings prevailing in Ukraine at that time: 
“It is hard to believe, that in a time of the most acute distress, 
when the whole world was already beginning to be aware of the 
calamity, the emissary of Moscow in the Ukrainian capital could 
make a declaration amounting to a strict order to his sub- 
ordinates to set aside all human émotions in collecting the 
grain."* 

Notwithstanding the methods used to extract the remaining 
bread in order to supplement seed funds, as of march 20, 1933 
only 90.5 per cent of the absolute minimum of necessary seed 
had been collected in Ukraine. (PRAVDA, March 26, 1933). And 





** Pravda, February 8, 1933. “Illegally distributed bread" seems to be 
the food which workers earned on their own time. The same kind of seed 
grain collecting was conducted in the Northern Caucasus. “In almost all 
regions of the Northern Caucasus the collection of grain for seed from in- 
ternational resources has diminished... in the Northern Caucasus and 
Ukraine the collective farm workers declared that a large amount of grain 
belonging to the collectives had been stolen by kurkuls, hoboes, thieves, 
speculators etc." Pravda, March 11, 1933. 

?' Ewald Ammende, op. cit., pp. 59-60. 


51 


this, according to PRAVDA included government aid to collec- 
tive farms in Ukraine to the amount of 2,796 cwt. of seed grain. 
As of April 20, 1933 the collective farms of the Soviet Union had 
been provided with 103 per cent of the needed seed, but in this 
figure Ukraine showed the much lesser percentage of 94 
(PRAVDA, April 30, 1933). 

One can imagine the conditions in Ukraine, among the 
peasants from whom bread was being extracted by force, from 
reading the Soviet press of that period. The daily newspapers 
at the regional, district and central levels carried such slogans 
with repetitious monotony: “we shall smother the opposition of 
the kurkuls," "let us punish severely those who sabotage the 
collection of seed,” “yield no quarter to the class enemy who has 
a party ticket in his pocket,” "beat the kurkul, but don't forget 
the semi-kurkul." 

In many regions of Ukraine chiefs of regions and collec- 
‘tive farms were put on trial. An example of the preparation of 
public opinion for such a trial is to be found in newspaper re- 
ports of the daily BOLSHEVIK OF BOHUSLAV of March 23 
to 25, 1933: “The defeated, but as yet not completely eradicated 
class enemy, the kurkul, is using widely different methods of 
waging war against the collective farms. There are collective 
farms whose chiefs carry a party ticket in their pocket but in 
reality they have lost all class consciousness and have allied 
thernselves with kurkul-Petlyurist stragglers, aiding the latter in 
wrecking collective farms. In order to wreck the plan of grain 
collection and continue their marketing of bread, party traitors 
Medvedev and Hohula organized sabotage. They used all 
possible means to cheat the regional organizations and to prove 
that IMPOSED QUOTAS OF GRAIN COLLECTIONS 
WERE UNREALISTIC. Twice did those two-faced men 
succeed in getting a reduction of quotas, but they did not fulfill 
even those. The whole damaging scheme of those sworn 
enemies of the soviet authorities and of collectivization has been 
exposed, and the saboteurs themselves put under arrest. The 
investigation has been completed, and within a few days an 
assize session of the Kiev court will fly them in Medvin.”” 

There were many analogous cases in other regions, although 
not all of them came to trial. In his speech before а plenum of the 
Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine (b) of 


** Bilshovik Bohuslavshebiny, March 23-25, 1933. 
52 


June 1933 Postyshev mentioned the regional bosses of Orikhiw, 
Kobelyaky and Soloniansko, accusing them of trying to con- 
vince the central authorities that the grain-collection plans were 
grossly exaggerated, and warned that "the execution of such 
plans might lead to serious complications" PRAVDA, June 22, 
1933). 

ага chiefs employed still different methods in order 
to circumvent central orders concerning grain collection. P. Po- 
styshev was particularly incensed when telling of an unusual 
and flagrant example to the Seventeeth Party Congress: "Com- 
rade Zatonsky" сате to the Novo-Ukrayina region of the Odessa 
district in January 1933. Grain collection was in poor shape. 
Comrade Zatonsky proposed to pick out one objective, conduct 
а mass campaign of lectures and to follow it up by getting out 
the concealed grain, thus breaking the stale-mate. They 
decided to use the farm "First of May" which had to deliver 
360 cwt. of grain. Hardly had comrade Zatonsky left the region, 
when the local regional chief of the GPU, conniving with the 
regional command, went to the Soviet farm “Red Meadow" and 
compelled the director to give up to their grain elevator 360 cwt. 
After this the regional command informed comrade Zatonsky 
and the authorities that they had used the methods re- 
commended by comrade Zatonsky, and had broken the stale- 
mate. 

A majority of the regional bosses, the so-called regional 
command, as well as the higher ranks of Soviet and Party or- 
ganizations in Ukraine, who were Ukrainians (members of the 
Ukrainian Communist Party Central Committee, Executive 
Committees, etc.) were in opposition to the grain collection 
quotas set by the government. 

"Future historians will have to admit that in its campaign 
against the Ukrainians during the spring and summer of 1933, 
the Soviet regime was faced by a united people, a solid front. 
including everyone from the highest Soviet official, down to the 
poorest peasant.” 

Without openly showing their hand. such officials proceeded 
discreetly, and by perfectly legal methods, to make Moscow 
the relentless execution of the prepared plan. This was precisely 





Ammende, op. cit, p. 116. 

** Zatonsky was a high-ranking communist. He become Ukrainian 
commissar of Education after the suicide of Skrypnyk. Subsequently 
purged, too. 


53 


the reason for the issuing of the resolution of January 24, 1933 
accusing the Ukrainian communist party of non-compliance 
with grain-collection plans. The situation in Ukraine underwent 
a radical change with the arrival of P. Postyshev. He 
immediately demanded the removal of V. Chubar from the 
position of Chief of the Government of Ukraine, and replaced 
him with Panas Lyubchenko, who was less influential, but 
ambitious and obedient. The resistance of certain regions had 
been broken. In a short time the following were removed from 
office: 237 Ukrainians, secretaries of regional party committees, 
249 Ukrainians, Communist party members and chiefs of 
regional executive committees, 158 Ukrainians, communist party 
members, chiefs of regional control committees. Executive jobs 
in the various regional centers were assigned to 1,340 men 
specially appointed. 

The fight against class enemies in the collective farms 
themselves was no less determined. In order to break the oppo- 
sition 10,000 men were appointed as chiefs of collective farms 
local party secretaries and others, of whom no less than 3,000 
exercised executive power. 

Party members, apprehensive, and intimidated, followed the 
directives of the central authorities blindly, not daring to waver, 
doubt, nor delay. Any deviation from the "general line" was 
persecuted cruelly and punished by means at the disposal of the 
courts and party authorities.” 

Figures cited by PRAVDA (November 24, 1933) are an 
indication of the extent of such conditions within the party in 
Ukraine. Thus, as of October 15, 1933 from among 120,000 
party members and candidates for membership who had been in- 
vestigated 27,500 were purged.” 

Of the entire Ukrainian communist party organization, 
there was one man and his group who openly opposed the 
policies of P. Postyshev. “When conditions became more and 
more terrible and men began to die in multitudes, the inevitable 
happened: Skrypnyk and the Ukrainian Communists protested 
openly. They stepped vigorously into the breach on behalf of 
their dying countrymen against the fearful injury wrought by 
collectivization; they demanded that the bread produced by the 





‘Pravda, November 24, 1933. 
^" Pravda, November 24, 1933. 


54 


Ukrainian peasantry should be used nrst to safeguard their own 
lives, and oniy the surplus should be handed to Moscow and the 
rest ot the Soviet Union." 

The original text of Skrypnyk's speech was never printed, 
but ацег his suicide rumors about и were widely circulated. 
Along with the party purge, a general purge of the soviet 
bureaucratic apparatus was initiated under the old and tried 
slogan of the “hght against Ukrainian bourgeois nationalism.” 
It was an attack on all manifestations of Ukrainian life, on all 
strata of the people in the country and city. It was directed 
against Ukrainian cultural, economic, political and national life. 
P. Postyshev re-emphasized that the resolution of December 
14, 1932 was all-important in regard to a proper method of Ukrai- 
nization and the need for expelling Petlyurist and other 
bourgeois-nationalist elements from party and soviet organiza- 
tions.” 

“Counter-revolutionary elements have built whole nests 
under the protective flag of Ukrainization... nests of counter- 
revolutionaries in the Peoples’ Commissariats (Education, Agri- 
culture, Justice) in scientific institutions (The All-Ukrainian 
Institute of Marxism-Leninism, The Academy of Sciences, Agri- 
cultural Academy, Institute of Shevchenko Studies) and even 
in the party management of regions.”” 

Somewhat later, at the Seventeenth Party Congress, S. 
Kosior declared: “Nationalist and counter-revolutionary ele- 
ments in Ukraine have not only penetrated a series of soviet and 
cultural institutions, whole swarms of them have crawled into 
the party. This has made their counter-revolutionary activities 
more simple, and our task of breaching the crack in agriculture 
more complicated.” 

P. Postyshev particularly disliked the thesis that “Ukraine, 
for all her contacts with Asia, has from remote antiquity down to 
the present day maintained the cultural position of a corner of 
Europe, therefore it is impossible to comprehend the culture and 
art of Ukraine without the ties with the art of Europe. Ukrai- 








* Ewald Ammende, Human Life in Russia, p. 113. 

= Chervony shiyakh, No. l., p. 246 and Pra: 
November 27, 1933. 

= From a resolution following a speech by S, Kosior 
of the Central Committee adopted November 22, 1903. 
27, 1933. 

=> XVII зеза vsesoyuznoy kommunisticheskoy partii (bl... p. 199. 





December 6,1933. 














joint plenum 
vda, November 


55 


nian art is part of the general European evolutionary process.’ 

"Does this much differ" — Postyshev asked with pathos 
"from the so-called 'counting on Europe' of Khvylovy, who 
preached together with Shumsky the orientation of Ukrainian 
culture on the European West, as against Asiatic Moscow." 

Nationalist deviation was charged to M. Skrypnyk, once 2 
personal friend of Lenin and a man of extraordinary influence in 
Ukraine, who at that time was at the head of the Peoples" 
Commissariat of Education. Now came the time for Postyshev 
to settle his accounts with him, to remind him of the part he had 
played in removing Postyshev from Ukraine in 1928. Skrypnyk 
was reminded that “the literary group "Vaplite" (Free Academy 
of Proletarian Literature), created by Shumsky and supported 
by Skrypnyk, had tried to sever Ukrainian literature, art and all 
culture from the proletarian culture of the working classes, and 
in the direction of orientation toward the bourgeois capitalist 
West." 

Thus, a sign of equation could be placed between the events 
of the middle 1920's and those of the early 1930's, because "the 
nationalist deviation headed by Skrypnyk was a direct continua- 
tion of Shumsky's deviation іп 1927. Both Shumskism and 
Skrypnyk's deviation were nourished by the same roots. Each 
worked towards detaching Ukraine from the Soviet Union... each 
wished to be far from Moscow, the center of the proletarian 
revolution," 

P. Postyshev gave credit "to the Ukrainian party organi- 
zation under the leadership of L. M. Kaganovich.... for detecting 
Shumskism as an agency of the class enemy, and for expelling 
the Shumskys, Solodubs and Maksimoviches from Ukraine," and 
then conversely accused this organization of "overlooking the 
nationalist deviation of Skrypnyk during a period of acute class 
warfare.” 

The destruction of the Ukrainian intelligentsia continued 
without interruption, and was carried out in certain stages. of 
which Postyshev's sojourn in Ukraine was one. Postyshev sub- 


** From a sclentific paper of the chair of Ukrainian culture of the All- 
Ukrainian Academy of Sciences, 1930. See Pravda, December 6, 1933. 

23 From a speech by Postyshev at the plenum of the Central Committee 
of the Communist Party of Ukraine (b). See Pravda, December 6, 1933. 

= Pravda. November 22, 1933. 

m XVII зета vaesoyurnoy kommunisticheskoy partii (b)... p. 70. 

= Pravda, July 3, 1933, and December 6, 1933. 





56 


sequently disappeared, but the acute battle of Moscow against 
all manifestations of Ukrainian national life has continued to this 
day under the slogan of combatting all signs of "bourgeois 
nationalism.” Postyshev was removed from the post of second 
secretary of the Communist Party of Ukraine in 1937. There 
were rumors that he was executed during the Yezhow period. 

The results of Postyshev's work in Ukraine are well-known. 

Khvylovy committed suicide in May of 1933, Skrypnyk in 
July. 

Postyshev proclaimed the results of his work to the re- 
staffed plenum of the Central Committee of the Communist 
Party of Ukraine (b) on November 19, 1933 in these words: 
“The discovery of Skrypnyk's nationalist deviation gave us the 
opportunity to rid the structure of socialism, and in particular 
the structure of Ukrainian socialist culture of all Petlyurist, 
Makhnovist and other nationalist elements. A great job was 
done. It is enough to say that during this period we cleaned out 
2,000 men of the nationalist element, about 300 of them scientists 
and writers from the Peoples’ Commissariat of Education. 
Eight central soviet institutions were purged of more than 200 
nationalists, who had been occupying positions as department 
chiefs and the like. Two systems, that of co-operatives and grain 
reserves, have according to my personal knowledge been purged 
of over 1,000 nationalists and white-guardists.” 

Among the dozens executed, the more notable were: 
Ozersky, Richytsky, Pylypenko, Konik, Badan, Yersteniuk, 
Yavorsky. Thousands were deported. The times became such, 
that Ukrainians in their own independent republic were afraid of 
using their native tongue, and of reading Ukrainian books, 
because this alone was dangerous as bordering on a criminal 
offence. 

‘The words of an investigating judge thrown at S. Pidhayny 
in 1933 — “we do not have to look for Ukrainian nationalists, it 
is enough to take a list of the subscribers to UKRAYINA, LIFE 
AND REVOLUTION, PROLITFRONT or LITERARY BA- 
ZAAR and I shall not hesitate to arrest them all” — these words 


7 S. Nykolyshyn, op. cit. p. 58. 


57 


were not an empty threat, and this incident was neither isolated 
nor fatuous.” 

An Englishman, Malcolm Muggeridge, wrote about the 
situation in Ukraine in the spring of 1933: “On a recent visit to 
the Northern Caucasus and the Ukraine, I saw something of the 
battle that is going on between the government and the peasants. 
The battlefield is as desolate as in any war and stretches wider; 
stretches over a large part of Russia. On the one side, millions 
of starving peasants, their bodies often swollen from lack of 
food; on the other, soldier mernbers of the GPU carrying out the 
instructions of the dictatorship of the proletariat. They had 
gone over the country like a swarm of locusts and taken away 
everything edible; they had shot or exiled thousands of peasants, 
sometimes whole villages; they had reduced some of the most 
fertile land in the world to a melancholy desert. The conquest 
of bread, like the conquest of glory seemed a vain pursuit." 


= S. Pidhayny, Ukrayinska inteligentsiya na Solovkakh, 1948, p. 23. 
The author is now living in Canada. 
The periodicals mentioned were the most popular among the educated 
Ukrainians. They were discontinued after Postyshev came to Ukraine. 

a “The Soviets’ War on the Peasants,” The Fortnightly Review, London, 
May 1, 1933, pp. 564 ff. 


58 


4 


Famine as a social phenomenon. Causes of famine. 
Famine in pre-revolutionary Russia. Moscow's Ukrainian 
policy during the famine of 1921-1922. Foreign opinion on that. 
Policy. Famine as an elementary disaster and as an instrument 
icy. Genesis of the famine of 1932-1933 according to 

Foreign estimate of the Ukrainian famine of 1932- 
harvest in Ukraine of 1932 precluded famine. 






Famine as a social phenomenon is a disaster which has at its 
source a complete or partial lack of food for humans. Mankind 
has been familiar with this calamity during the entire course of 
history. In ancient times famine was caused by the inadequate 
development of the productive potential of agriculture. Due to 
primitive methods, crops were entirely dependent upon meteoro- 
logical conditions. This was the main cause. One poor year 
was sufficient to create a scarcity of food, two in a row brought 
great famine, with allits negative consequences. Another cause 
was war, which was, as a rule, accompanied by the plunder of 
farms and destruction of crops. 

In modern times famine is also often caused by the low pro- 
ductive level of agriculture in some parts of the world, and over- 
population in others. In China, territories with a population of 
9 million were engulfed by famine in 1927; 57 million Chinese 
were exposed to famine in 1928, and 32 million in 1929. During 
the famine of 1918-1919 a total of 13 million persons died of 
starvation in India. 

In tsarist Russia, which included Ukraine, famine was a 
recurrent phenomenon. Instances of cannibalism were quite 
common from 1601 to 1603. There were 34 "hungry" years in 
the eighteenth century, and almost 40 in the nineteenth (the 
worst famines were in 1833, 1845/6, 1851, 1855, 1872 and 
1891-1892). The lean years of the twentieth century were 1901, 
1905, 1906, 1907 and 1911/12. The areas encompassed also grew 
larger. During the period of 1880-1890 the number of gubernias 
(provinces) subject to farnine varied from 6 to 18, and during 
1890 to 1900 grew to from 9 to 29, then in 1901-1910 to 19 to 49 


59 


gubernias, and finally the famine of two years duration (1911- 
1912) spread over 60 gubernias." 

Famine in tsarist Russia was caused not only by primitive 
farm methods, erosion of soil, overpopulation, but primarily by 
the servitude of peasants, high taxes levied against them, and 
their generally low standard of living. 

The first famine under the Soviet rule took place in 1921- 
1922. It was caused by bolshevik policy during revolutionary 
warfare for the establishment of communism, This famine 
spread over an area of 35 gubernias with a population of about 
90 million, of whom at least 40 million actually suffered hunger. 
Out of Ukraine's 12 gubernias' 5 were starving: Zaporozhe, 
Katarinoslav, Mikolayiw, Odessa and Donets, and some counties 
in the regions of Kharkiw, Poltava and Kremenchuh.” 

In all of Ukraine the harvest of 1921 yielded 56 million cwt. 
of grain, which constituted hardly 35 per cent of the normal 
figure.‘ 

An emissary of Dr. Nansen wired the Nansen Committee in 
Geneva the following report on famine conditions in Ukraine on 
February 22, 1922: “Eight million people are starving in 
Southern Ukraine. Of those, 2% millions have absolutely nothing 
to eat,another 2% million have only such substitutes as hay or 
beets but no regular food ; 3 million will soon join the first and se- 
cond category! It is to be expected that these two categories 
will comprise 7 million by the end of April.” 

The famine grew in area and intensity from day to day, and 
its terror gripped an ever increasing number of people. The 
Nansen emissary quoted above, wrote: “when they describe 
wars, revolutions and other catastrophes, they are all in- 
significant compared with the dread reigning in the villages of 
Zaporozhe and of Ukraine in general... you hear about canni- 
balism all around you, and soon see proof of it. But not only 
cannibalism, there is necrophagy as well. You are forced to talk 
to people who have eaten their own families."* 


1 Bolshaya soveiskaya entsiklopediya, Moscow, 1930, XVII. pp. 452.53. 

? During normal times one person of the ‘agricultural population 
required between 368 and 400 kilograms of grain per annum (this includes 
grain used for cattle fodder). During the famine, in the afflicted areas the 
total harvested amounted to 80-112 Kilograms per person. 

О golode (A collection of articles edited by Professor К. N. Georglevsky, 
Dr. V. M. Kogan and Professor A. V. Paladin.) Kharkiw, 1922, p. 53. 

Herasymovych, Holod na Ukrayini, Berlin, 1922, p. 66. 

* Ibid., pp. 88, 154, 


60 











Because of such conditions, it is obvious that А.В.А., the 
American organization established to aid the people starving in 
Soviet Russia in 1921-1922 made all efforts to establish contact 
with starving Ukraine. But, as H. H. Fisher reports, "from the 
beginning the Moscow government had discouraged all pro- 
posals which tended to bring the A.R.A. into contact with 
Ukraine." 

Moscow endeavored to conceal the real conditions of famine 
in Ukraine and tried to divert all aid coming from abroad into the 
hungry areas of Russia. In his book H. H. Fisher emphasizes 
that Moscow assumed the position that A.R.A. should "not split 
its forces, but concentrate them entirely on the Volga area." 

As a result, the A.R.A. did not start its relief action in 
Ukraine until April-June 1922, while it had already been active 
in Russia since September 1921. 

According to M. Kalinin, American aid came "to Ukraine 
and the Crimea at the height of the famine, when thousands were 
already dying, and other thousands resigned to death."* 

Representatives of the А.В.А. could not comprehend many 
of the things which they witnessed during their relief activities 
in Ukraine: "It is astonishing enough that these trainloads of 
food should have been loaded in Kiev and Poltava and sent 
hundreds of miles to the hungry along the Volga instead of 
being transported a score or so miles across the gubernia line to 
Odessa or Mykolayiw, where a first class famine was in swing."* 

The All-Ukrainian Central Executive Committee organized 
a commission for the relief of the starving in the summer of 1921. 
but its “main attention was turned towards aiding the Volga 
area... for this purpose, four Volga gubernia were attached to 
Ukraine in 1921: Samara, Saratov, Ufim and Tsaritsin.... these 
gubernias, as well as the Central Cornmittee for relief of the 
starving in Moscow received 1.127 carloads of food according to 
a report of August 1, 1922... The All-Ukrainian Central 
Commission for Relief assumed the task of feeding 500,000 
people in Ukraine and 1,200,000 people in the Volga area.” 

Disregarding the famine raging in Ukraine, during the 








aH. Hc Fisher, The Famine in Soviet Russie 1919-1929, New York, 1927, 
P. 1 
7 Ibid, p. 248. 
* Норі borby s goledom v 1921-1922 g.. Moscow, 1922, рр. 4, 335. 
* Fisher, The Famine.. рр. 26: 
№ Itogy borby.... Рр. 258, 260. 





61 


period of August 1, 1921 to August 1, 1922 a total of 10.6 million 
cwt. of grain was taken from Ukraine in compliance with a tax 
assessment 

H. H. Fisher formulated his observations on the policy of 
Moscow regarding the catastrophic famine of Ukraine in 1921- 
1922 in the following words: "The policy of the Communist 
Party with respect to the Ukraine famine presents many curious 
aspects. Not only did the Moscow government fail to bring the 
Ukrainian situation to the knowledge of the A.R.A., as it did 
other regions much more remote, but it actively discouraged, 
as has been noted, anything likely to bring the Americans in 
contact with the Ukraine. Up to the time the A.R.A. began its 
activities (January 1922) neither the Central government at 
Moscow nor the Ukrainian at Kharkov had made any serious 
move to relieve the South." 

From the remotest past down to the present day, people 
have perished from famine in the world, but it has always been 
an elementary evil, unpredictable." 

The famine in Ukraine of 1932-1933 accupies an entirely 
different category. At the second congress of collective workers 
of the Gorki region, M. Kalinin said on June 15, 1933: "Every 
farmer knows that people who are in trouble because of lack of 
bread, are in that predicament not as the result of a poor harvest, 
but because they were lazy and refused to do an honest day's 
work."'* 

In spiteof his careful weighing of words, Kalinin in the above 
statement not only admitted the existence of famine, but 




















This tax was introduced in March of 1921 during the transition into 
the NEP period. See:Oktyabrakeye revolutsiya; pervore pratiletie, Kharkiv, 
1922, p. 394. 

= Fisher, The Femine.... p. 261. 





"а At least 5 million people died from and In consequence of the famine 
of 1921-1922. Great Soviet Encyclopedia. Vol. 17, p. 483. Of this number 
about 2 million were Ukrainians. Thanks to the aid in food 
supplied by the A.R.A. to Soviet Russia in 1921-1922 millions of people were 
saved from death. "Soviet Russia will never forget this help, given in the 
greatest hour of need. Ttogi borby..... р. 335. Subsequent changes of 
policy and attitude produced the following comments on this particular 
Subject in the latest edition of the Great Soviet Encyclopedia (nd ed. 
Vol. I n their continued fight against the Soviet Republic the 
ts utilized A.R.A. This organization, under the guise 

conducted a campaign of espionage and diversionism, 
conspiracy with the object of overthrowing the Soviel 


















** Pravda, June 24, 1933. 


unknowingly stressed its peculiarity — that people were starving 
although there had been a good harvest." 

Ever since its assumption of power, the main objective of 
the Soviet government's policy toward the peasants has been an 
attempt (except for the short period of NEP) to extract all the 
results of their labor from them. During the first period this was 
achieved by various tax assessments, later by grain collections 
coupled with direct action against the peasants. The intro- 
duction of obligatory collectivization of farms, and the subjection 
of all agricultural production to the government and its agents, 
most certainly simplified the operation of extracting bread from 
the peasants, and became responsible for the anomalous situation 
under which the peasantry starved regardless of the amount of 
crops gathered. 

As an observant foreigner put it: “Every available pound 
of food is swept up from the countryside. A nominal subsistence 
minimum is supposedly left to the peasants, but in many cases 
they are left practically without grain or flour. If the harvest 
fails in a given section of the country the peasants must shift for 
themselves, in spite of the fact that their surplus grain went to 
the state the previous уеаг.""* 

Thus, to quote another Western author: “Famine was quite 
deliberately employed as an instrument of national policy, as the 
last means of breaking the resistance of the peasantry to the new 
system where they are divorced from personal ownership of the 
land and obliged to work under the conditions which the state 
may dictate to them and deliver up whatever the state may 
demand from them.” 

Official Soviet sources of information on results of the 
economic years 1932-1933 furnish adequate proof that the famine 
in Ukraine had been deliberately organized and executed by 
Moscow. 

According to meteorological data, 1932 was in no way an 
exceptional year, as, for example, 1921 had been. 

Precipitation was low in certain areas in 1932, and some 
sections had a drought, although others had sufficient rain. In 


зз "Difficulties resulting from the lack of bread” and “food difficulties” 
are the official soviet designations of famine. 

?* Calvin B. Hoover, The Economic Life of Soviet Russia, New York 
1931, pp. 328-329. 

17 Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Age, Boston 1934, pp. 88, 89. 





63 


any case, nothing catastrophic occurred on the part of the 
elements. 

As regards the area under cultivation, it was larger than 
the area in 1928 and 1927 by one million hectares, and the same 
as during the years following 1932, or around 26 millon hectares. 
The area allotted to grain was smaller than normal, being 18.124 
million hectares, as against a normal 20 million." 

The grain yield of 1932 was not low. One hectare yielded 
an average 8.1 cwt. of grain, broken down as follows: winter 
wheat 8.5, rye 8, spring wheat 5.7; the total grain crop of 1932 
amounted to 143 million cwt.” 

The last figure is lower than the normal average of grain 
crops of Ukraine, which varied between 160 and 175 million cwt. 
We must note, however, that because of a partial drought in 
1924 the crop was much lower at 104.2 million cwt., and in 1928, 
when 5 million hectares of winter wheat were destroyed by frost 
and had to be sown over with grains yielding a lower figure, the 
total crop was also lower, at 128 million см.“ 

Yet nothing even remotely resembling 1932 happened as a 
result of the poorer harvests of these earlier years. 
stvo Ukrayiny, Kharkiw, 1929. 

In 1932 the harvest brought in was quite sufficient to take 
care of the next sowing and to feed the population of Ukraine, 
as appears clearly from the following analysis: 


total grain crops harvested 143 million cwt. 
seed grain (20 million ha. 

at 1.28 cwt. per ha.) 256 "т 
left after seed reserves nz4 " г 
per person of population per annum 3.7 cwt. 


Alloting 2 cwt. per person per annum to the population of the 
cities, this would leave an average of 4.2 cwt. per person of the 
rural population." 

It is quite obvious that such a quantity would be more than 
adequate to take care of the population and livestock, and it 
could not create a condition even resembling hunger. 

But bread had been taken away from the peasants of Uk- 





hospodarstvo URSR, Kiev, 1935. 
1 USSR v tsyfrakh, Kiev, 1936. 
= Zbirnyk statystyko-ekonomichnykh vidomostey pro silske hospod 
n The population of Ukraine on January 1, 1933 was 31,902,000 urba 
7,159,000 and rural 24,743,000 See: SSSR — strana sotclalizms, Moscow 1936, 
p. 169. 





64 


raine. Up to December 1, 1932, as has been indicated before, 
the amount taken was 31.2 million cwt. Unfortunately, it cannot 
be computed how much more was taken between December 1, 
1932 and the end of April 1933. But it is well known that in 
many instances grain was being taken away from those who 
were already starving.” 

The most outstanding feature of the famine in Ukraine of 
1932-1933 is that it appeared in one of the greatest agricultural 
countries, and in a period of normal, natural conditions, without 
even a trace of crop failure. It happened only because food had 
been confiscated from those who produced it. 

“This famine may fairly be called political because it was 
not the result of any overwhelming natural catastrophe or such 
a complete exhaustion of the country's resources in foreign and 
civil war as preceded and helped to cause the famine of 1921- 
1922. The government was determined to “teach the peasants 
a lesson" by the grim method of starvation to force them to work 
hard in the collective farms.”” 


= See capters Ш, V and VII, infra. 
=? W. H. Chamberlin, The Ukraine, a Sumberged Nation. New York, 
1944, pp. 59, 60. 


x 65 





CHAPTER П. 


ORGANIZING THE FAMINE 
1 


The beginning of the famine. Sections engulfed by 
famine. A clinical picture of famine. The Ukrainian village 
under famine. What did starving people eat. Cannibalism in 
the villages. Dying Ukrainian villages. The starving try to 
save themselves; wandering for bread to the cities in Ukraine 
and to neighboring republics. Conditions among starving 
peasants in the cities. Starving children. Deterioration of 
standards of nutrition in cities. The "T« nd its role 
during the famine. Groups unaffected by famine. Community 
feeding in the villages in the spring of 1933. 





Nutritional difficulties existed in some regions of Ukraine 
as early as the spring of 1932. There were a number of in- 
stances of death by starvation; however, these were sporadic." 

The grain collection campaign of 1932-33, with the establish- 
ment of special brigades, thorough searches of homes and confis- 
cation from peasants of all food supplies, as described in chapter 
III, conditioned the mass starvation of the rural population of 
Ukraine, which began in the fall of 1932 and turned into mass 
famine early in 1933. 

What sections of the USSR were subject to famine? “The 
famine area, so far as I could observe and learn from reliable 
information, included Ukraine, the North Caucasus, a number of 
districts in the middle and lower Volga, and considerable sections 
of remote Kazakhstan in Central Asia," reported W. H. 
Chamberlin. 

Another foreigner, who witnessed the famine at first hand, 
mentions the same areas: “some of the most fertile, notably the 
North Caucasus, the Ukraine, and the Volga district, are 
entirely without bread; the population is, in the most literal 


Y Tn the village of Shamrayiwka, Velikopolovets regions (Kiev) during 
the grain collection campaign of 1931-32, even small grain used for chicken- 
feed was taken away, ве оа commissar in charge Ivakhin stating that it 
would go into "seed rese 

* W. H. Chamberlin, mira Tron Age", Boston 1934. p. 88. 


67 


sense, starving; even in the large towns the food shortage is 
acute, and every day grows worse." 

Any statement, therefore, that the famine of 1932-33 was 
general, and spread throughout the entire territory of the USSR 
is not borne out by the facts. There was no trace of famine in 
other republics. Famine was confined to areas that opposed 
collectivization, which is tantamount to stating that famine was 
organized on Ukrainian ethnographic territories, i. e. Ukraine 
and the Northern Caucasus with a predominantly Ukrainian 
population. For example: the Western part of the Northern 
Caucasus (Kuban) had 93.8 per cent Ukrainians ,the regions of 
Kursk and Voronizh 64.2 per cent, and lesser percentages of 
Ukrainians in the lower and middle Volga regions and Kazakh- 
stan. 

Truly Russian lands knew no famine. The neighboring 
Byelo-Russian S.S. Republic was not affected either. 

The clinical picture of famine is well-known. It ruins 
the energy-producing resources of the human system, advancing 
as the necessary fats and sugars are withheld. The body withers. 
Thin skin assumes a dust-grey tinge and folds into many creases. 
A person ages visibly. Even small children and infants have an 
old look. Their eyes become large, bulging and immobile. The 
process of distrophy sometimes affects all the tissues and the 
sufferer resembles a skeleton covered with tightly-drawn skin. 
But a swelling of the tissues is more common, especially those 
of the hands, feet and face. Skin erupts over the swelling and 
festering sores persist. Motive power is lost, the slightest 
motion producing complete fatigue. The essential functions 
of life — breathing and circulation — consume the body’s own 
tissue and albumen, the body consumes itself. Respiration and 
heartbeat become accelerated. The pupils dilate. Starvation 
diarrhea sets in. This condition is already dangerous, because 
the slightest physical exertion induces heart failure. It often 
takes place while the sufferer is walking, climbing stairs. or 
attempting to run. General weakness spreads. The patient 
now cannot get up, nor move in bed. In a condition of semi- 
conscious sleep he might last about a week, whereupon the 
heart stops beating. 

‘Whoever had an opportunity to see the Ukrainian country- 
side before the famine, would be paralyzed with fear when 


* Malcolm Muggeridge, op. cit. p. 558. 





68 


beholding it during the famine. Vegetable gardens were 
overgrown with weeds; these would take over and grow right 
to the door of the house, and almost as high as the door itself. 
No voices were heard in the evening, nor laughter. No dogs 
barked, because they had already been consumed. Roads unused 
and untravelled now, were completely overgrown. Walking singly 
or in pairs became dangerous, as robbery and kidnapping for 
cannibalism often occurred.* 

The once famous bazaars of Ukraine, overflowing with 
food, had undergone a radical change. An eyewitness thus des- 
cribes them in early 1933: “in the center of the village, close by 
the ruins of the church, which had been dynamited, is the village 
bazaar. All the people one sees have swollen faces. They are 
silent, and when they talk, they can hardly whisper. Their move- 
ments are slow and weak because of swollen arms and legs. 
They trade in cornstalk, bare cobs, dried roots, bark of trees and 
roots of waterplants. This assortment of trade constituted these 
peoples’ diet, a diet that was incapable of saving them from 
death, but merely extended their suffering a little longer.” 

Dogs and cats were sold at the bazaars, and their meat was 
considered a real delicacy. Starvation relaxed moral restraints, 
and homicide and suicide were on the increase. The degradi; 
tion of humans to the level of animals proceeded rapidly. “М.Р.”, 
an engineer tells of an incident on a train between Kazatin and 
Uman on February 13, 1933, when “some thirteen people, adults 
who were collective farmworkers and looked quite exhausted, 
mobbed a 12 year old boy who had a half-pound piece of bread. 
They crushed the bread in their frenzied attack and then pro- 
ceeded to pick the crumbs off the dirty floor.” 

Theft and other crimes against property became so pre- 
valent in 1932-33 that it was useless to try and do anything about 
them. Things were being stolen that people had never dreamed 
of stealing before — food from ovens. Smoke coming from the 
chimney of a house would give the owner away as cooking 
Something, and such a house would become the objective of 
thieves, who were only after one item-food. Fruits and vege- 





* №. H. Chamberlin, (Russia's... p. 87) says this about surveying a 
village in the company of the secretary of the village council of Cherkas; 
“Mr. Fishenko found abundant confirmation in the stories of the famine 
survivors and in the grim mute evidence of the numerous abandoned houses 
with their weed-grown gardens and gaping doors and windows.” 





69 


tables were picked by thieves long before they had any real 
nutritional value. 

The militia did nothing against this kind of thievery; the 
people therefore resorted to self-defence and lynchings. Here 
are examples from the village of Khorsik, Chornoukhiw region 
Poltava district, as told by witness N. L. "In the village of Khor- 
sik, birthplace of the famous philosopher Skovoroda, a peasant 
woman, Martha Prykhodko, was picking young potatoes from 
the garden of a government employee, Lohinov. The woman 
was pregnant. Lohinov caught her and beat her so severely 
that she died on the spot. Lohinov was never punished. 

A young girl, Talya Pokidko, daughter of Odarka of Chor- 
noukhiw, crawled into the garden of Havrilo Turka, accountant 
of the collective farm, where she picked a few garlic plants. 
Turka beat her so hard that she crawled back to her home and 
died. Turka was not punished. 

Ivan Orel, who worked as a guard of the collective ware- 
house, tried to pick something from the garden of Athanasy Bre- 
kalo. Brekalo beat him so severely that he died the next day. Bre- 
kalo was not punished. 

There was much stealing of cows, hogs, goats etc. in the vil- 
lage of Chornoukhiw and the thieves were Sizon Timoshchik and 
Khvedir Verteletsky. Following another in the long series, the 
peasants, under the leadership of communist Cyryl Kostevich 
Herasymenko (he was later judge in this region), lynched Ti- 
moshchik and Vertetsky, killing them in their own homesin the 
presence of their wives and children. There was not even an 
investigation in this case...” 

In all Ukrainian lands, where Moscow had organized the 
famine, its course was standardized and almost identical А 
comparison of diet in widely different sections of Ukraine 
furnishes ample proof of this: 


name of place region district diet. 
Veprik Hadyach Sumy Poppy, bark, weeds, - 
leaves, bare cobs of corn* 
Hermaniwka Obukhiw Kiev dogs, cats, crows, bark 
Uspeniwka — Khmeliw Mikolayiw leaves, dogs, children 
Viskowe Solomen Dnipropetrovsk dead horses, cats, rats 


dogs, grass, bark 


я Leaves were very popular as food in Ukraine, those of acacia and 
linden were the best. 


70 


Sentowe Kirovohrad weeds, bark, anything 


Pashkiwske Krasnodar Krasnodar acorns, bark, dogs, cats 

Starominske Kuban cats, dogs, hedgehogs, 
carrion, roots 

Parkhomiwka Krasnokut Kharkiw hay ground with added 


beet juice, offal, cats, 
dogs, human fiesh. 

The variety of food used through necessity in Ukraine was 
really much greater than indicated above. Villages on the banks 
of brooks or rivers had advantages in providing extra food for 
their inhabitants. Hard, and normally inedible, crabs were 
boiled and their broth gave good nutriment. Then the hard 
shells would be ground up, mixed with leaves or bark and baked. 
The product could not be chewed but had to be swallowed, yet 
many a life was saved by the nutritious content of these shells. 

When spring came mushrooms were picked without discri- 
mination, with many cases of poisoning. 

In some villages in the South of Ukraine people tried to eat 
cottoncake, usually with tragic results; the undernourished 
system could not manage to digest it, a rash appeared all over 
the body, and then death ensued by poisoning. 

A bread known as “motorfuel” was in widespread use. It 
consisted of ground bark, leaves, corncorbs, an occasional rotten 
potato or other such delicacy. In the Salsk region of Kuban, 
people moved into the steppes, where they subsisted on marmots 
and other small animals. Thousands survived in this manner. The 
people of Zavitne, a large village of a thousand houses, lived on 
marmots for six months and had reserves of lard from these and 
other animals. There were similar methods of subsistence in 
the southern regions of Ukraine between Novo-Oleksievka and 
Kakhowka. 

"Here and there one heard dark stories of cannibalism; in 
Poltava it was said that a trade in human flesh had been going on 
until the authorities discovered it and shot the participants,” 
reports Chamberlin. 

A witness from the village of Sofievka, in the Odessa 
district said “a lot of human flesh was eaten, but nobody tried to 
Stop it.” 

There were in fact many cases of cannibalism recorded in 
Ukraine. As a rule dogs, cats and horses would be eaten first. 


* W. H. Chamberlin, Russia's... pp. 87-88. 


71 


Then in the spring came frogs, grass and anything that could be 
eaten. Human flesh came at the very end. 

In the village of Kishenki in the Poltava district, the wife of 
the peasant, Yakiw Onufrienko, ate her child in April 1933. The 
Terenkov couple of Sentovo in the Kirovohrad district, ate their 
two children, and Denis Litvinov of the same village ate his wife, 
Zina Litvinova. In Monastirishche, near Kiev, a woman, La- 
shenko, ate her own two infant children. In Parkhomiwka in the 
Kranokut region, district of Kharkiw, a woman, Palazka Sokir- 
na, devised a system of hunting for children: she lured them into 
her house, strangled them, and then hid the salted-down meat 
in her cellar, thus supplying her food needs. In Ahaymany 
village, Ivaniw region, Zaporozhe district, a woman, Huzenko, 
ate her own child. 

Similar cases were reported from the Dnipropetrovsk, My- 
kolayiw, Sumy and other districts of Ukraine. Most people 
committing such acts had already become mentally deranged 
from hunger. Professor M. M. a psychiatrist tell of this case: 
“In the village of Surmachiwtsi, Hlinsky region, district of Cher- 
nihiw, a hungry mother made a fire in the oven, called in her 10 
year old son and started tying his arms, admonishing him to be 
quiet, or the people would hear. She could not manage him, 
however, and he escaped and called neighbors for help. When 
arrested she did not deny what her intentions had been. She 
cried and howled, and from this could be gleaned a whole scale 
of emotions: remorse and pity, and perhaps regret for not having 
accomplished what she intended, dictated by pathological mani- 
festations of hunger.” 

But not only those who had become insane killed humans 
for meat. In Chernin, Dubechan region, Kiev district, in May, 
1933, a woman who had an eight year old child lured two 
strange children to her house, and slaughtered them, salting the 
meat. 

In Stara Pryluka near Vynnytsya, the father and two grown 
children died of hunger; then the mother killed the remaining 
seven year old daughter, whose meat was later found in pots. 
When asked why she had done it, she replied: "She would have 
died anyway." 

In Shyroka Balka, Dniepropetrovsk district, people, deciding 
that it was hopeless to carry on, would make a fire in the oven, 


72 


close the chimney, seal doors and windows, and die in groups of 
carbon monoxide poisoning. 

Proof as to how widespread cannibalism had been in Uk- 
raine at that time can be furnished by such facts as these: in the 
Lukianowka jail in Kiev they had a separate building for 
“maneaters.” Among the prisoners in the Solowky Islands in 
1938 therd were 325 cannibals of 1932-1933, of whom 75 were men 
and 250 women." 

The marketing of human flesh and sausages made of it, was 
noted in several instances. 

J. P. Muzyna, an eyewitness, now residing in Detroit, tells 
of the case mentioned by W. H. Chamberlin. "I witnessed the 
discovery of a slaughterhouse of children in РоНауа. It was а 
small building in the center of thecity. Right next to it were: 
railroad cooperative store No. 1, a railroad first-aid station, a 
pharmacy and a building for the homeless. A band of criminals 
lured small children, killed them, salted the meat in barrels and 
sold it. Refuse was dumped into an open sewer, whose banks 
were overgrown with high weeds, and they floated away. One 
day thousands gathered here to watch the GPU (secret police) 
load a lot of childrens clothes, shoes, schoolbags and other things 
on trucks. They had been stored in the attic, the criminals 
probably having no way of getting rid of them. All attempts 
of the GPU to disperse the mob of unfortunate mothers, who 
had come to look for their lost children were of no avail. They 
had to resort to a threat of arms."* 

Such slaughterhouses were discovered, apart from Poltava, 
in Likhivtsi, Dnipropetrovsk district, Pashkiwsko of the Sever 
region, Krasnodar district and at other points. 

D. P., a doctor who had observed the famine at close range, 
emhasized that he was personally most shocked by cases of 
mothers eating their own children, and by the traffic in sausages 
made of human flesh in open bazaars. 

Agricultural agent A. O., who stayed in the villages of 
Izbinske and Starytsa, Viwchan regions, Kharkiw district, from 
March 15, 1933, wrote: “Dozens of people died every day; the 
bodies were left in the homes for days at a time, because there 
were few people strong enough to bury them. Grave-digging was 


7 S. Pidhayny, op. cit. р. 26. 


* There are a few eyewitnesses of this case, who are at present residing 
in the United States. 


73 


a very difficult task, so mass graves were dug. Corpses were 
piled on cars, like wood, brought to the edge of the pit, and 
tipped over, falling ina heap and presenting a ghastly sight. The 
undertakers of today were the corpses of tomorrow. There was 
an incessant wail and lament coming from the two villagers; one 
could hear repeated just one word in a long, drawn-out tone 
"L-o-o-o-st." A record, stating only the undisputedly true 
facts of events in Ukrainian villages would be disbelieved by even 
the most ardent Ukrainians; small wonder then, that foreigners 
are skeptical about them." 

There are cases on record where the authorities would not 
permit the burial of corpses until they had obviously started to 
decompose; thus, the digging up of recently buried bodies and 
using them for food was prevented. 

Special burial brigades were set up and attached to each 
collective farm. But often they could not cope with the amount 
of work, and corpses would be dragged away by dogs gone wild. 
In the village of Stepaniwka near Vynnytsya, a widow carried 
her dead children in a sheet to the cemetery, and there died 
herself. In the same village, a woman died, leaving two small 
children. The wagon came, took the body away, and the 
children were left in an empty house, without food or help. 

In Parkhomiwka Krasnokut region, Kharkiw district, the 
following took place in the spring of 1933: “The wagon which 
collected corpses stopped at the home of a peasant named Koval. 
He was alive, but the undertakers started dragging him away. 
Koval pleaded with them with some difficulty, being weak — 
‘don’t drag me, give me something to eat, I am alive;’ but the 
undertakers replied: ‘we are busy, we won't come for you again, 
and you are going to die anyway.' And so the living Koval was 
thrown into a common grave. At night he crawled out from 
among the corpses and made his way from the cemetery to the 
nearest house. Some relatives brought him the boiled meat of 
dead animals and he slowly recovered. He was still alive in 
1941. His friends gave him the nickname "Pylyp Koval, the 
immortal." 

How many persons were buried alive? Some facts told by 
witnesses: In the village of Fursa near Kiev, the teamster who 
carried corpses away in his wagon was paid 5 grammes (about 
1/5 of an ounce) of grain for every corpse. Once he brought à 
stack of bodies to the cemetery and as he was unloading them 


74 


from the wagon into the pit, one of the “corpses” got up and 
started walking away. The teamster grabbed him, and wanted 
to throw him back in, fearing the loss of pay for one body. After 
some bargaining they grew friendly, and finally the "corpse" 
rode back with him to town. This rnan was also still alive in 
1941. 

People report that it was a rule of the burial brigades 
attached to collective farms to avoid the homes of those реаѕап‹ѕ 
who were not members of the collective. In this connection 
there was a tragi-cornic occurrence in the village of Hermaniwka, 
near Kiev: "Corpses were being brought to the cemetery since 
morning and were stacked up at the edge of a common grave. 
When there are about 60 bodies, they were thrown into the pit, 
like so many pieces of wood. The chief of the village soviet, 
Nikiforov, carne to inspect the place at noon. He was known аз 
an eager “collectiviser,” and when he saw the dead body of an 
"indus"" he ordered that the body be thrown out of the common 
grave, remarking that he was not worthy of being buried along- 
side members of the collective farm. Nikiforov's orders were 
carried out; a man was lowered into the pit with a rope which he 
tied around a leg of the unworthy corpse, and it was pulled out 
and left lying unburied for about a week, until the chief of the 
village soviet relented and permitted burial in a grave for “in- 
dividualists." 

In Shulhiwka, Petrykiw region, Dnipropetrovsk district, 
moats and wells were filled with corpses in the spring of 1933, 
as there were not enough live people to bury them.” 

The Ukrainian peasantry tried everything possible to 
survive the terrible famine into which it was being pushed. In 
the spring of 1933, the youngest and most versatile elements of 
the peasant class chose escape as the best means of survival. 
They escaped from the countryside without the essential travel 
documents, but were sometimes provided with the proper papers 
by the village soviet. The hard core of the peasantry, i. e. the 
older folk and children, stayed at home. But many of these, 
with emaciated bodies, swollen faces, wild looks in their eyes, 


* This nickname "Indus" is taken from "individual" applied to peasants 
who were not members of collective farms, preferring to remain and die as 
individuals. 

з» It was common practice to bury bodies in gardens, moats, sewers and 
similar places. 


75 


surged toward the towns and cities in search of a piece of bread 
ог at least potato peelings. 

"Travelling through the countryside was like running the 
gauntlet: the stations were lined with begging peasants with 
swollen hands and feet, the women holding up to the carriage 
windows horrible infants with enormous wobbling heads, stick- 
like limbs, swollen, pointed bellies. You could exchange a loaf 
of bread for Ukrainian embroidered kerchiefs, national costumes 
and bedcovers.”” 

Beginning with the spring of 1933 mobs of terrifying, 
swollen apparitions, pasty-faced men, women and children filled 
the streets of the larger cities. The greatest number could be 
seen queued up for “commercial” bread. The key to this 
situation lay in the fact that early in 1933, at the height of the 
famine in Ukraine, all over the USSR in the large cities, stores 
were open where it was possible to buy bread without any ration 
cards, but at so-called commercial prices, i. e. 4 roubles for a 
2% lb. loaf of white, and 3 roubles for the same loaf of dark bread. 
It is noteworthy that in compulsory transactions with the 
governments, the peasant was paid 90 kopeks for 16 Kg. (40 
lbs.) of wheat. As a rule, the peasants would line up in the 
evening and wait until next morning for the stores to open. 

B. L., an engineer, related that his brother, whom his father 
brought to the city to save from starvation, was wont to stand 
in front of the stores when bread was being delivered, and said 
that it was his fondest dream to be able to get a pound of bread 
every day.” 

P. O., an agronomist, wrote that “it was heartbreaking to 
see starving people, especially women and children begging for 
bread and on being refused, looking for scraps and swill—anything 
to eat.” 

The bazaars in the cities were full of peasants from the 
surrounding countryside. I. D., an engineer, thus describes 
some of the famous Kiev bazaars: “Such bazaars as the Rye on 
Podole, Lukianiwsky, Sinny, the Jewish (or Galician), Besarab- 
ka, Troitsky, Volodimirsky, Solomiansky and Demievsky were 





" Artur Koestler, The Yogi and the Commissar, New York, 1946, p. 137 
The author lived in the capital of Ukraine, then Kharkiw, in the winter of 
1932-1933. 

12 Allotments of bread were given to all those who had bread ration 
cards, i. e. employed workers and their dependents. 


76 


open ail day, as usual. Trading women sat at their stands or on 
tne ground, and sold all kinds of grain ру tne giass: wneat, rye, 
bariey, corn and other cereals, also baked goods, pancakes, 
bliny, pirozhoks and other ready-to-eat products. Prices were 
high, in roubles only. Bread was sold “under the counter," some- 
times by the loaf, but mostly in slices. Meat was offered in 
secret—mostly horsemeat, and of dubious quality at that. Vege- 
tables, such as potatoes, beets, carrots, and milk and dairy pro- 
ducts did not reach the Kiev markets in great quantities and 
were very high-priced. Besides such food products, these 
bazaars handled great quantities of articles from the villages, 
such as family heirlooms and mementoes, handiworks of art, 
women's coral beads which had been passed on from generation 
to generation, emboidered towels, shirts, tablecloths, rugs and 
carpets. Peasants brought all these prized possessions from all 
over the country to Kiev, and sold them for a song, or bartered 
them for a few glass measures of grain, to save themselves and 
their families from starvation. 

There were three categories of buyers at the bazaars. The 
first, and most despicable were the wives of communist party 
members and “speedup” workers. They were secretly given 
large food rations in official stores, and were able to bring to 
market their surplus food, which they exchanged for the most 
valuable articles offered: embroideries, rugs, etc., usually driving 
very hard bargains. 

The second were wives of workers and minor officials, who 
visited bazaars in order to supplement the poor diet of their 
families. They were not interested in embroideries, but looked 
for a chance to buy milk or vegetables. 

The third and largest group were the peasants, in rags and 
swollen with hunger, who came only to get some food. They 
always had something to offer in exchange for a measure of 
grain. Often a richly embroidered tablecloth would go for a 
4 Ib. loaf of bread, and an expensive full sized carpet for a few 
such loaves.” 

But by far the group outnumbering all others were the 
older peasants and children, who came with nothing to sell, and 


** People who brought things to the bazaars were not always 
successful in selling them. V. K., a lawyer, remembers how a widow with 
children brought all their possessions to market: pillows, blankets, sheets, 
etc. stood there all day, and had to carry it all back home, still hungry.. She 
cried all the way. 


77 


no money to buy. They came to Kiev so as not to have to go 
back to their villages. They wandered around with outstretched 
hands and pleaded: "Give! don't let me perish." They poked 
among the garbage of bazaars, picking peels, sucking on 
discarded cobs and kernels. But there was not enough to go 
around to aid the starving and provide alms. Those hungry 
peasants had nowhere to go at night, and slept right there in 
the bazaars.” 

Peasants from the surrounding countryside, women and 
children, were dying of hunger every day in the streets of 
Kharkiw, Kiev, Dnipropetrovsk, Odessa and other cities of 
Ukraine. A starved corpse in the street of a city was an everyday 
sight in those days. A foreigner reports about Kharkiw and 
Kiev: “In the streets and the courtyards scenes were often 
witnessed which are hardly creditable by European standards.” 

The goverment authorities exerted all their efforts to 
remove the corpses from public view with haste. Dr. Ammende, 
cited above, writes: “The number of corpses was so great that 
they could only be removed once a day. Often, no distinction 
was made between the corpses and those not yet quite dead; all 
were loaded on to trucks, to be flung indiscriminately into a 
common grave. This burial work was done by convicts from the 
local prison. From morning until evening they were busy 
digging the graves. Fifteen bodies were usually buried in one 
grave, and the number of graves is so great, these famine 
cemeteries often recall a stretch of sandhill: 

Very often, the dead and dying peasants, being picked off 
the streets, dumps, and bazaars, by trucks under police super- 
vision would be hauled away into uninhabited parts, and dumped 
into ravines without even a thin layer of earth on top. 

У. D., a philologist, stated thatthe personally knew a Russian 
peasant woman who fainted from hunger in the street, and was 
loaded along with twenty other half-dead people onto a truck 
operated by the militia. They were taken about 10 kilometers 
outside the city and dumped in a desolate spot, most of them 
dying there, but she succeeded in crawling back to relatives 
in town. 

Sometimes these people would be taken to hospitals to die. 
Professor P. wrote that "In the garages of the October Hospital 








jald Ammende, op. cit, p. 61. 
? Ibid., pp. 61, 62. 


78 


in Kiev, near the Besarabka covered market, a doctor showed 
me frozen corpses, stacked in rows, like wood, and occupying а 
space of 150 square metres." 

The collection and disposal of the corpses of those who died 
of starvation in and around railroad stations was organized in 
a thorough and different manner. 

This is described by M. D., an engineer who worked on the 
railroads in the Northern Caucasus: 

"Early in 1933 from Kavkaz station in the Northern Cau- 
casus, every morning at a fixed hour before dawn two myste- 
rious trains would leave in the direction of Mineralni Vody and 
Rostow. The trains were empty and consisted of 5 to 10 freight 
cars each. Between 2 and 4 hours later the trains would return, 
stop for a certain time at a small way station, and then proceed 
оп a dead-end spur towards a former ballast quarry. While the 
trains stopped in Kavkazka, or on a side track, all cars were 
locked, appeared loaded and were closely guarded by the NKVD. 
Nobody paid any attention to the mysterious trains at first, I did 
not either. I worked there temporarily, being still a student of 
the Moscow Institute of Transportation. But one day, con- 
ductor Kh., who was a communist, called me quietly and took me 
to the trains, saying: "I want to show you what is in the cars." 
He opened the door of one car slightly, I looked in and almost 
swooned at the sight I saw. It was full of corpses, piled at 
random. The conductor later told me this story: “The station 
master had secret orders from his superiors to comply with the 
request of the local and railroad NKVD and to have ready every 
dawn two trains of empty freight cars. The crew of the trains 
was guarded by the NKVD. The trains went out to collect the 
corpses of peasants who had died from famine, and had been 
brought to railroad stations from nearby villages. Among the 
согрзез were many persons still alive, who eventually died in 
the cars. The corpses were buried in the remote section beyond 
the quarries. The whole section was guarded by the NKVD and 
no strangers were permitted nearby." 

Thousands of peasants tried to obtain work with the larger 
government-owned agricultural enterprises, A. B., an agronomist 
for such an institution says: “While inspecting an experimental 
field near Poltava, I noticed many people lying around a large 
stack of straw. In reply to my question as to who they were and 
what they were doing, the man in charge of the experimental 


79 


field, who was not a Ukrainian, said that they were peasants 
irom the neighborhood, who had come in thousands appiying 
tor Jobs, and aiso expecting to get food. The farm hired only the 
strongest and the rest were sent away. They had nothing to go 
back to, so they stayed here, where many of them died. And 
pointing with his finger at some fresh mounds, he said that 
was where these individualists were buried. ‘You cannot 
imagine how much trouble the government farm has with those 
Ukrainians’, he concluded.” 

D. Z., an economist, tells of another case: “Near Stanytsya, 
Station, near Vynnytsya, there was a government farm 770 
hectares in area, dedicated to intensive truck farming (onions, 
parsnips, celery, tomatoes, cucumbers, cabbage etc.) and the 
products were to be canned on the farm. In order to manage 
such a huge gardening enterprise, there was a daily requirement. 
of 2 to 4 thousands workers. It was announced in the villages 
that unlimited jobs were open at the wage of 1 kilogram bread, a 
hot meal and 2 rb. per day. Thousands came to the kitchen for the 
hot meal; more than half of them were so exhausted, however, 
that they were incapable of work. Every day, between 10 and 
20 peasants, after eating a meal on a starved and exhausted 
stomach, died right there near the kitchen. There was no test, 
nobody knew who would survive a meal, and who would not. 
People begged food, ate and died, without starting on their 
jobs." 

Many peasants undertook long voyages in search of food. 
They went to Byelo-Russia, the Caucasus, the Moscow region 
and farther north. Аз a rule they went illegally, without travel 
permits, since leaving one's own village was not permitted. 
Only the very lucky ones obtained papers which entitled them to 
purchase railroad tickets. These long trips often had a tragic 
ending. Professor O. O. tells of a case, which he himself 
witnessed: "In March 1933, at the railroad station of Vladikav- 
kaz (Caucasus), a great number of Ukrainian peasants, with 
bags across their shoulders, were waiting for a freight train. 
Agents of the NKVD stopped them and took away their bread. 
Their joint and individual pleadings to be allowed to keep the 
bread were of no avail. Then one of the 'rabbits' (those who 
travelled the railroads without tickets were called 'rabbits") 
climbed a tall tree near the station, and started talking to the 
crowd about the terrors of famine in Ukraine. He cursed the 








80 


communist party, the government and its leaders, the NKVD, 
and all the living and dead. The crowd grew in size quickly and 
NKVD agents ordered the mob to disperse, threatening arrest. 
They ordered tse orator to come down, on the threat of life im- 
prisonment. He would not listen, and the fervor of his 
eloquence mounted. The NKVD then called the firemen and 
ordered them to play hoses on the man to force him down. He 
still refused, and when the sharp jet of water began to rip the 
bark off the tree he climbed to the topmost branches and jumped. 
The NKVD ordered the firemen to pick up his body and they 
took itaway in an unknown direction. Two peasants covered the 
pool of blood with earth, so that the dogs would not lap up 
Christian blood. Then they asked the NKVD men to show 
them where their comrade would be buried. The agent looked 
angry and, not answering, looked at one of the pleaders, then 
at the other. Then he ordered briskly: ‘Come with ms, and you 
will find out.’ Nobody knows what happened to those two." 

The plight of children during the famine was particularly 
pathetic. A foreign observer writes: “It was beyond my 
comprehension.... at Kharkiw I saw a boy, wasted to a skeleton, 
lying in the middle of the street. A second boy was sitting near 
a keg of garbage picking egg-shells out of it. They were looking 
for edible remnants of food or fruit. They perished like wild 
beasts... When the famine began to mount, the parents in the 
villages used to take their children into the towns, where they 
left them in the hope that someone would have pity оп them.””* 

Professor M. M. emphasizes that the “NKVD set up a 
huge concentration camp for children, (‘barracks of death’ it was 
called in whispers among the peasants) where about ten 
thousand children rounded up in the city of Kharkiw were 
placed. The mortality rate among them reached 40 per cent." 

Thousands of children came to the cities alone, without 
parents or adults and various stages of nervous and psychic dis- 
orders were noticeable among them. The professor cited above, 
Dr. M. M., quotes typical answers given by children put under 
observation in the psychiatric clinic during the famine. In reply 
to the question as to what had brought him to the'city, a 7 year old 
boy said : "Father died, mother swelled up and could not get out of 
bed. She said to me ‘Go and look for bread yourself,’ so I came 
to the city." An 8 year old boy said: "Father and mother died, 








** Ewald Ammende, op. cit, p. 63. 


y 81 


some brothers were left, but there was nothing to eat and I ran 
away from home." A boy 9 years old said: "Mother said, 'Save 
yourself, run to town.' I turned back twice, I could not bear to 
teave my mother, but she begged and cried, and I finally went for 
good." Another 8 year old boy said: "Father and mother were 
lying all swollen, so [ ran away from home." Children were often 
left lying on sheets near police stations. 

It must be noted that the urban population was also under 
the handicap of curtailed bread rations, which had been reduced 
for those not working to 200 grammes per day. Of course, the 
cities did not suffer anything even remotely approaching the 
famine of the villages. There were also the aforementioned 
"commercial" stores selling unrationed bread, but they were ouc 
of reach of the majority of the urban population because of high 
prices. Allother rationed products, such as fats, sugar, flour etc. 
were either unavailable, or to be obtained only with difficulty, 
and in very small quantities. I. K., a lawyer, relates what he saw 
in July 1933 in the city of Chernihiw: "I was walking near the 
cemetery. It was а hot day. Almost naked children, emaciated 
from hunger, were playing in the sand. I saw someone 
throwing sand out of a pit, with hands shrivelled like a mummy's. 
I came closer and saw a woman, about 30 years old, dishevelled 
and in rags. I asked her what she was doing. "Am I doing 
anything that is not permitted?" she replied. I, in turn asked 
her what she meant. She replied in a bare whisper, as if from 
a grave: "I am digging a grave for myself, perhaps my children, 
who are playing here, will cover me up, and then someone 
might take pity on the orphans. Ican no longer bear to look at 
them going hungry." 

Arthur Koestler who, as indicated above, lived in Kharkiw 
at that time, gives a pretty good idea of general conditions in 
the cities: "Under my hotel room window in Kharkov, funeral 
processions marched past all day. The electricity supply in 
Kharkov had broken down. There was no light in the town, 
and trams functioned only for an hour or so a day to take workers 
to the factories and back. There was also no fuel or petrol in 
the town and the winter was hard even for Ukraine, with 
temperatures of 30° below zero. Life seemed to have come to a 
standstill, the whole machinery on the verge of collapse." 








* Arthur Koestler, "The Yogi and the Commissar” New York 1946, 
p. 137. 


82 


There are other indications, proving that the urban popu- 
lation of Ukraine, workers, clerks, and professionals were also 
halt-starving. As is well known, during the famine the govern- 
ment opened stores under the name "Torgsin," from the Russian 
words, "trade with foreigners." 

These stores were opened in all towns and in regional 
centers of the village type. In these stores unlimited quantities 
of the products of industry and foodstuffs were available, but 
only against payment in gold, silver, or "valuta," the latter 
being mostly American doliars. It was maintained formally that 
the stores functioned for the convenience of fcreigners. But 
in point of fact, they were counted upon to extract from the 
population whatever they had left of valuables, ог foreiga 
currency. Valuables which were brought to the "Torgsins" 
were carefully scrutinized, entered into ledgers together with the 
passport number, name and address of the seller, and scrip was 
issued according to determined price lists, entitling the seller to 
make purchases at the "Torgsin' stores. It was the planned ob- 
jective of ‘Torgsin’ not only to extract valuables from the people, 
but to find out at the same time who had them. People brought 
to "Torgsin' not only objects of gold and silver but also old gold 
coins. The government calculated that formerly rich people had 
kept since tsarist times gold coins, buried or well concealed 
against a rainy day. The rainy day had now come, and they 
were compelled to bring this deod capital out and offer it to 
‘Torgsin.’ The ledgers of ‘Torgsin’ were strictly supervised by 
the GPU. The political police copied the names of people who 
traded with ‘Torgsin,’ supplemented them with their own data, 
and them proceeded to take action against its chosen victims. 

As was customary, arrests were made between 2 and 3 in 
the morning. A careful search would be made. If no gold were 
found, the victim would be taken away. Those picked were 
mostly older people, former merchants, professionals and so on. 
If they would not confess and refused to surrender valuables, 
they would be given “the treatment.” Jails were packed as tight 
with people as herrings in a barrel; the cells were filthy and 
stinking. Eventually they would be called out for interrogation 
by the GPU. The stay in the GPU jail would last either a few 
days, or weeks. The interrogation itself would take 24, and even 
48 hours, with interrogators taking turns and bringing the victim 
to the brink of insanity. Besides the usual threats, blackmail 
and beatings, there was a wide variety of more refined methods 


83 


to bring out the desired confession from the chosen victim: — 
no food, no sleep, and the constant glare of very strong electric 
light. The guards wore dark goggles and would not allow the 
prisoner to sleep nor even close his eyes against the glare. In 
turn the prisoner would be put in a small, cold damp cell. They 
also used tricks and subterfuge. If the prisoner had a wife at 
home, they would go to her and inform her that he had told them 
where he kept the gold, and she had better give it up avoid 
trouble for herself. And vice versa the prisoner would be told 
that his wife had confessed after being arrested. 

The peasants, as a rule, did no business with "Torgs:n" for 
the simple reason that they had nothing to offer in the way of 
valuables, coins or currency. As indicated in the preface, the 
author gathered the core of his data on the famine among the 
displaced persons in Germany in 1947 and 1948, naturally among 
those D.P.'s who had seen and lived through the famine. In the 
course of this research 119 persons were asked whether they did 
business with "Torgsin" in 1932 and 1933. Those questioned 
were mostly educated people, among them about 50 professors 
of higher institutions of learning. The following table gives 
the trend of replies to this question: 


questioned 
Question What was taken to Torgsin? Number of people per cent. 
1. thing, had nothing to offer зі 259 





2. did not need anything 12 101 
3. по answer n 94 
+ gold teeth and gold crowns 16 13.4 
5. " wedding rings 4 34 
H personal medallions, crosses 6 51 
т gold from icons, pictures 2 13 
s silverware 9 16 
2 other valuables 28 23.4 

us 100.0 


The item “other valuables” included: earrings, chains, 
watches, old coins, cigarette cases, brooches, spoons, etc. I. P., an 
educator, took a silver dollar to “Torgsin” and in exchange 
obtained “50 grammes of sugar, one cake of soap and 200 
grammes of rice." 

The majority of educated people, and the highest ranks at 
that, were compelled to trade with “Torgsin” — in fact 54.6 рег 
cent of them. У. E., a singer-composer, says that he took 
everything of value he had to “Torgsin”, crosses, wedding rings, 
and spoons, leaving only the cross with which his son was 
baptized. 


84 


Almost 26 per cent of those questioned did not take anything 
to "Torgsin" because they had nothing to sell. Only 10 per 
cent of them were so well situated that they did not need to 
trade with “Torgsin.” Of the total number of 119 persons in- 
terrogated, 41 were asked whether anyone in their family had 
died of famine in 1932-1933 in the villages. 15 answered in the 
negative. 26, or 63.4 per cent answered yes. Among those who 
died were parents, brothers and sisters. These facts prove that 
the Ukrainian professional intelligentsia was unable to aid re- 
latives in the villages by sending them bread; thus they could not 
save members of their immediate families from death by 
starvation. 

This brings us to the question: who did not starve in 
Ukraine in 1932-33? 

In the cities and villages the only people adequately supplied 
with food and other products were the higher ranks of party 
and government workers. A regional village center would 
usually have about 30 persons belonging to such key personnel — 
the regional party committee, the NKVD, those in charge of 
treasury, agricultural and judicial offices. For the purpose of 
providing such people with food, special secret stores were 
established, where everything was available at fixed government 
prices. The lower rural authorities were also provided for; the 
heads of the village soviets, party secretaries and such. Some- 
times "activists" would be included in the privileged group. 
Within the collective farms those who “carried the keys,” i e. 
chiefs, accountants, warehousemen and brigade workers were 
usually in a better position than the rest." 

It is obviously almost impossible to relate all the combi- 
nations of circumstances which would allow a peasant family or 
at best, some of its members to avoid death from the famine. 

The most important factor was one of the many devious 
ways of concealing food reserves within the household. 

According to observation by U. M., an agronomist, those 
families of peasants who had a close member working in a citv 
had a good chance of survival. This can be taken as a general 
statement, with reservation that those who lived in cities did not 
always have the means of aiding their rural families. 
ome people, realizing that only those who had gold or 
Ewald Ammende. (op. cit., p. 56) says: “only the military and the 


GPU, 1 e. those engaged in the forcible collection of grain had enough to 
eat. AN the rest had to go hungry.” 





85 


silver could be sure of food, began to dig up the old graves of 
wealthier people who had died decades before. Graves of the 
clergy were especially sought after, as they were usually buried 
with a large gold or silver cross. As related by H. L., in Chor- 
noukhy near Poltava, in the Pokrovsky cemetery the graves 
of former merchants, colonels and priests were robbed. In 
general, very few graves of formerly wealthy people were left 
intact. 

The grave-robbers were very often unable to agree on a 
division ot the loot, and arguments ending in murder frequently 
resulted — thus in Chornoukhy, Ivan Stadnichenko, refusing to 
share gold robbed from graves with his partner, Yevdokim Ti- 
moshchuk, killed the latter with a knife. 

Ownership of a goat by a peasant family usually assured 
a better chance of survival. The goat would, as a matter of 
course, be kept in the house, together with the family. 

It was noted that peasants who drank spirits during the 
famine had a better chance of survival than those who did not 
touch alcoholic beverages.” 

There were isolated cases of very unusual and lucky cir- 
cumstances saving people from starvation. As reported by D. 
M., an agricultural official: “Some peasants evaded death from 
starvation by discovering hoards of grain in the fields, built into 
small earth-covered mounds by field-mice.” 

In the spring, with the start of the sowing campaign, many 
collective farms were provided with food for the establishment of 
communal kitchens for their workers. Sometimes chuckwagons 
would go out into the fields to feed those who were able to work. 
The general practice of collective farms was to issue a ration of 
meal, from 100 to 300 grammes per day for each worker, and a 
like quantity for members of his immediate family. In the case 
of communal kitchens, a kind of paste made of flour would be 
boiled in water, and this soup served hot twice a day. 

The following table gives a general idea of the scope of 
communal feeding in Ukrainian collective farms, as compared 
with those of Russia and Byelo-Russia in May of 1933.” 
‘Alcoholic beverages were the only product which was always 
available im government stores in unlimited quantities throughout the 

3 Data in the table are from the following sources: Obshchestvennoe 
pitanie SSSR v 1933 9. 11091 perepisi, Moscow, 1934, pp. 253-55. 


Also: "Soobshchenie gosudarstvennoy planovoy komissti Seyuza SSR ob 
itogakh vsesoyuznoy perepisi naseleniya," Izvestiya, June 2, 1939. 


86 

















Republics percentage of rural popu- Mean value of 1 mesi in kopeks 
lation attached to communal 
kitcnens in proportion to 











total rural pop. according to Motor tractor Collective 
census of Dec. stati farms 

Russian RSFSR 33 7 36. 238 — 

Byelo-Russian 

Soc. Sov. Rep. 02 38.3 23.2 

Ukrainian 

Soc. Sov. Вер. »2 392 11.6 

"The USSR 

as а whole 39 35.3 18.1 


In the number of the rural population incorporated in the 
communal feeding system, Ukraine held first place. In the 
quality of the food served, Ukraine held the last place. It is a 
significant fact that the quality of the food provided by Machine- 
Tractor Stations was double that of collective farms in the 
Soviet Union taken as a whole, and almost triple those in 
Ukraine. 

Conditions in the villages in the spring of 1933 are de- 
scribed by M. Sh., a student of the Poltava Institute of Techno- 
logy, who, together with other students and members of the 
faculty had been despatched to the collective farm at Morianivka 
near Poltava, to help in the spring sowing campaign. 

Party leaders at the Institute set the student to 
preparing the collective farm workers for a mass shock 
job in the fields on May 1. The teachers and students 
were divided into groups of 3 to 5. All were told to 
take a supply of food with them. The students were 
mostly reluctant to go, but no excuses were accepted. 
We started in the morning of April 28, first by train, 
then followed by a 14 kilometer walk from the station 
to Morianiwka. It was a beautiful morning. The sun 
was generous with its golden rays. Nightingales were 
to be seen above. It was quiet walking the paths 
through the fields. The grass was green. In the 
village the straw of the thatched roofs was ripped from 
buildings, walls looked chipped, doors were missing, 
fences looked trampled and uncared for. Not a living 
soul was in sight. The students hung their heads, 
looking sullen. Conversation was difficult. 

We came to the common. Two huge pots were 
suspended over a fire. Three men and two women 
were cooking and tending the fire. We started in their 


87 


direction. Then we stopped and looked around; the 
sight froze the marrow in one's bones: hundreds of 
pairs of human eyes were staring at the pots from 
behind fences, trees and bushes. The owners of the 
eyes were all human skeletons, men, women, children, 
infants. Some stood, some knelt, and some lay on 
their stomachs. We came closer to the fire and greeted 
the small group working around the pots. We 
found out that they were the local bosses and their 
wives. They were carrying out the orders of the re- 
gional communist party committee which read: "Make 
sure that the collective farm workers go out into the 
fields on May Day, the day of proletarian solidarity. 
Use your own local resources." They were cooking 
grist, procured from the local grist-mill, to feed the 
people before sowing-time. The crowd of members 
of the collective farm had gathered early, since it had 
been announced that those who took part in the 
sowing campaign would from then on get a meal 
{тот the collective kitchen. The grits were finally 
ready. The chief of the village council banged on a 
rail and announced that dinner was ready, and the two 
women stood with ladles ready in hand to serve. 
Everybody surged forward, some walking, some 
crawling on all fours, the women loaded down with 
children. They all stretched out arms holding plates. 
pots, tins. The chief stood by the pots of grits and 
gave curt orders to the serving women: “Pour,” “Don’t 
pour.” Only those who looked as if they would be able 
to work were given food, those who could stand on 
their two feet. Even towards the end, the very old and 
the children were given nothing, the organizers 
holding strictly to the maxim: “Those who don't work, 
don't eat." Many of those who received a ration, 
particularly the women, did not eat it themselves, but 
gave it to the children. 

Other preparations for going out in the fields 
were being made at the same time; harrows were set, 
horses fed. It had been decided not to use sowing 
machines, because the horses were too weak to pull 
them. Thesowing would be done by hand. 


That same day the student brigade, accompanied 
by the local authorities inspected the horse-stables. 
The collective farm had 106 horses, of which only 9 
could stand on their legs, the rest were "hung." 
Horses in such condition as those had to be kept 
suspended otherwise, if permitted to lie down, they 
did not have the strength to get up. Those in charge 
of the horses were also too weak to be able to lift 
them. So, an invention was devised. Two ropes were 
strung under the horses’ bellies by the front and hind 
legs, tied to posts, and in this way they would be kept 
standing. Their only fodder was straw from thatched 
roofs, cut and steamed. 

They left for the fields on May 1. Only 4 of the 
39 horses that started reached the place of work. Of 
30 people from the collective farm, only 14 reached the 
field. 

The horses were not strong enough to pull 
harrows and people had to help them. A man could 
not carry the sack of seed for long either, so people 
changed places often. They somehow pulled through 
until about 4 in the afternoon, and then the horses 
gave in. They stopped. and the people had to stop, 
too. Finally, the chief of the collective farm said that 
enough work had been done for the day and the student 
brigade returned to the village, leaving the workers 
and horses in the field. 


6 


Moscow's denial of the famine. Statements about the famine 

by M. Kalinin, M. Litvinov and E. Herriot. A series of 

administrative measures by the Soviet government tending to 

make the famine more effective 

a) order to medical authorities to conceal the real causes of 
death of the population; 

b) treatment of starving peasants as "class enemies, kurkul, 
saboteurs and idlers," the peoples’ reaction to the starving; 

©) lack of any aid to the starving peasants from the govern- 
ment and intensification of grain exports; 

d) refusal of proposed foreign aid of charitable organizations; 

€) commercial blockade of rural areas; 

f) increased protective measures and guarding of collective 
farmlands and the effect on the starving population. 


"What has the Soviet government done in the face of the 
catastrophe within its borders? It has simply denied the 
existence of the famine." 

Moscow, guilty of organizing the famine, denied it even 
existed. Arthur Koesler's statement, that "today the cata: trophe 
of 1932-1933 is more or less frankly admitted in Soviet circles” 
is not borne out by subsequent statements of the Soviet govern: 
ment.” 

Now, as then, the Soviet press maintains a silence on the 
subject of the extermination of the Ukrainian peasant population 
by means of famine. It was altogether taboo as a subject of 
conversation and writing. Officially they not only denied its 
existence, but even sporadic malnutrition would not be admitted. 
“At the time, not the slightest allusion to real conditions was 
allowed to appear in the Soviet press, including the newspapers 
of the Ukraine itself."^ 

Arthur Koestler, who spent the winter of 1932-1933 in 
Kharkiw, writes: “Each morning, when I read the Kharkov 
KOMMUNIST I learned about plan-figures reached and passed, 
~ F Ammende, Human Life in Russis, p. 150 


з Arthur Koestler, The Yogi and the Commissar, New York 1946, p. 137 
? Ibid. 








about competitions between factory shock brigades, awards of 
the Red banner, new giant combines in the Urals, and so on; 
the photographs were either of young people alway laughing and 
always carrying a banner in their hands, or of зоте picturesque 
elaer in Uzbekistan, always smiling and always learning the 
alphabet. Not one word about the local famine, epidemics, the 
dying out of whole villages; even the fact that there was no 
electricity in Kharkov was not once mentioned in the Kharkov 
newspaper. lt gave a feeling of dreamlike unreality; the paper 
seemed to talk about some quite different country which had no 
point of contact with the daily life we led; and the same applied 
to the radio. ‘Ihe consequence of ail this was that the vast 
majority of people in Moscow had no idea of what went on in 
Kharkov, and even less of what went on in Tashkent, or Archan- 
gel or Vladivostok twelve day's train journey away, in a 
country where travelling was reserved for government officials; 
and these travellers were not of a talkative nature. The 
enormous land was covered by a blanket of silence and nobody 
outside the small circle of the initiated could form a 
comprehensive picture of the situation."* 

In spite of all the precautions taken by the government to 
conceal the fact of the famine, rumors of it reached the outside 
world as early as the fall of 1932. The foreign press paid more 
and more attention to it, but all this was quite naturalty ignored 
by the Soviet press. Finally, in the summer of 1933, PRAVDA 
published the following comment: “The official Austrian news- 
paper, "Reichspost, has printed on its first page an article 
entitled 'Mass Death Stalks Russia' in which it is stated that 
millions of Soviet citizens in the Volga regions, Ukraine and the 
Northern Caucasus have died of starvation. This vulgar slander, 
dirty invention about famine in the USSR has been cooked up by 
the editors of ‘Reichspost’ in order to divert the attention of 
their own workers from their hard and hopeless situation." 

This reproof was, of course, directed at the outside world, 
for, as reported by W. H. Chamberlin: "While it was easy to 
tell credulous tourists in Moscow that there had been no famine, 
it was impossible for local officials to make any such assertion 
when every peasant with whom we talked was mentioning 
friends and relatives who had perished, either from outright 


* Ibid. рр. 137,138. 
` Pravda, July 20, 1933. 


A 


hunger or from typhus, influenza and other diseases that always 
ravage a famine-weakened population." 

Continuing to deny the existence of famine categorically, 
Moscow made careful note and gave publicity to the tavorable 
utterances of those foreigners who sided with Moscow directly 
or indirectly. А lot of publicity was particularly given to 
statements made by Edouard Herriot, then Premier of France, 
who visited the USSR officially in August and September of 
1933. 

PRAVDA of September 13, 1933, published the following 
news item from abroad: "E. Herriot told representatives of the 
press that everything he saw in the USSR was wonderful. He 
categorically denied the lies of the bourgeois press about a 
famine in the Soviet Union." 

Herriot's declaration proves that he was deceived. It is 
obvious that he could not then know or be in a position to find 
out that everywhere he went, to Odessa, Kharkiw, Kiev, careful 
preparations were made for his reception. What stage-direc 
tions were undertaken is attested to by the following statement 
of a foreign correspondent:* "We were staying at Kiev when 
the French delegation was expected, and thus became witnesses 
of the camouflage practised at that time. On the day before the 
arrival of the delegation the entire populace was mobilized at 
two A.M. to clean the streets and decorate the houses. Tens of 
thousands were feverishly giving the dirty and neglected city a 
European appearance. Food-distributing centers, co-operative 
shops, etc. were closed. Queues were prohibited, “bezprizornie” 
(i.e. the hordes of neglected children), beggars and starving 
people suddenly vanished. At the crossings mounted militiamen 
were stationed on well-groomed horses whose manes were deco- 
rated with white ribbons, a sight never before and never again 
witnessed in Kiev. The guests arrived, inspected with visible 
satisfaction, entered their names in the city’s roll of visitors, and 
went away. That evening the decorations were taken down, the 
militiamen vanished, the food distributing centers opened and 
the queues of weary and despondent Soviet citizens formed up 
afresh..... I happened to be sitting in the company of a number of 
Soviet officials, directors and members of the party, at the 


* W. H. Chamberlin, The Ukraine, a Submerged Nation, New York 1944, 


60. 
PO Pravda, September 13, 1933, 
* Ammende, Human Life in Russis, pp. 230, 231. 


92 


moment when the papers were containing M. Herriot's inter- 
view, in which he stated that he had seen no trace of a famine 
in Russia. One should have seen the faces and heard the angry, 
bitter laughter when this interview was read." 

Another witness, M. D., who now lives abroad, relates in 
detail what preparations were made to receive E. Herriot at the 
collective farm "October Revolution" in Brovary, near Kiev* 

А special meeting of the regional party organization 
was held in Kiev for the purpose of transforming this 
collective farm into a “Potemkin village.” An older 
cominunist, an inspector actached to the Cornmissa.ia- 
of Agriculure, was appointea ‹етрогагу cnier апо 
experienced agronomists were made into brigade 
members of the farm. It was thoroughly scrubbed and 
cleaned, all communists, komsomols and activists 
having been mobilized for the job. furniture from the 
regional theatre in Brovary was brought, and the 
clubrooms beautifully appointed with it. Curtains and 
drapes were brought from Kiev, also tablecloths. One 
wing was turned into a dining-hall, the tables of which 
were covered with new cloths and decorated with 
flowers. The regional telephone exchange and 
the switchboard operator, were transferred from Bro- 
vary to the farm. Some steers and hogs were 
slaughtered to provide plenty of meat. A supply of 
beer was also brought in. All the corpses and starving 
peasants were removed from the highways in the 
surrounding countryside and the peasants were for- 
bidden to leave their houses. A mass meeting of 
collective farm workers was called, and they were told 
that a motion picture would be made of collective farm 
life, and for this purpose this particular farm had been 
chosen by a film-studio from Odessa. Only those who 
were chosen to play in the picture would turn out for 
work, the rest of the members must stay at home and 
not interfere. Those who were picked by a special 
committee were given new outfits brought from Kiev: 
shoes, socks, suits, hats, handkerchiefs. Women 
received new dresses. The whole masquerade was 
directed by a delegate of the Kiev partv district orga- 
nization, Sharapov, and a man named Denisenko was 


93 


his deputy. The people were told that they were a 
томе director and his assistant. The organizer's 
decided that it would be best for M. Herriot to meet 
the collective farm workers while they were seated at 
tables, eating a good meal. The next day, when 
Herriot was due to arrive, now well-dressed workers 
were seated in the dining-hall, and served a hearty 
meal. They were eating huge chunks of meat, washing 
it down with beer or lemonade, and were making short 
work of it. The director, who was nervous, called 
upon the people to eat slowly, so that the honored 
guest, Herriot, would see them at their tables. Just 
then a telephone message came from Kiev: 'Visit can- 
celled, wind everything ир’ Now another meeting was 
called. Sharapov thanked the workers for a good 
performance, and then Denisenko asked them to take 
off and return all the clothes that had been issued to 
them, with the exception of socks and handkerchiefs. 
The people begged to be allowed to keep the clothes 
and shoes, promising to work or pay for them, but to 
no avail. Everything had to be given back and 
returned to Kiev, to the stores from which it had been 
borrowed. 

A little later, PRAVDA reprinted from the English press 
part of the letter written by an Englishman, John Jager, on his 
impressions of his visit to Kiev. He wrote: "I was present at 
the Olympiade, in which 20,000 people participated. All the 
workers wore sports garb. If these people were suffering from 
hunger, it would have been hard for me not to notice it. I was 
at a meeting in the Palace of Labor, where 2,000 workers were 
listening to a lecture by a delegate of the Peoples’ Commissariat 
ofSupply. Even there I did not hear one word mentioned about 
the famine, and did not see any sign that would indicate 
malnutrition of the people. On the contrary, I dined with 
workers in their communal kitchen in Kiev, and found the food 
served to be very good."" 

Finally, towards the end of December, Kalinin, speaking to 
the 4th Session of the Central Executive Committee of the 

* Pravda, September 23, 1933. Every phrase used in this letter merits 


careful attention. Particularly the words “there was not one word about the 
fami nd that food in the communal kitchen “was very good." 








9+ 


USSR, on the subject of а campaign going on abroad about 
possible aid to starving Ukraine, angrily declared: "Political 
cheats propose to aid starving Ukraine... only the most decadent 
classes are capable of producing such cynical elements.” 

The foreign secretary, M. Litvinov, was no less emphatic 
in his denials of the existence of a famine in Ukraine. 

The community of Ukrainians in the United States, well- 
informed on the conditions in Ukraine, undertook active pro- 
tests and publicity, and drew sympathizers from among pro- 
minent American statesmen and politicians. Representative 
Herman E. Koppelman of Connecticut, was one of those who 
collected Ukrainian protestations and transmitted them to Lit- 
vinov. Speaking in the name of the Soviet government, Litvi- 
nov denied all the facts about the famine in Ukraine. 

In his reply to Congressman Koppelman of January 4, 1934, 
Litvinov wrote: “I am in receipt of your letter of the 14th inst., 
and thank you for drawing my attention to the Ukrainian 
pamphlet. There are a great number of similar pamphlets, full 
of lies, circulated by counter-revolutionary organizations abroad, 
which specialize in work of this kind. There is nothing left for 
them to do but to spread false information or to forge docu- 
ments... Yours truly, M. Litvinov.’ 

The denials on the part of Moscow are the best proof that 
the famine was deliberately organized. For if the famine had 
been the result of natural causes such as drought, locusts, hail or 
other calamities of nature, there would be no reason to conceal 
such a fact from the world. On the contrary, it would have been 
publicized, and Moscow would have asked for international aid 
for the starving population, just as it did in 1922-1923." 

Since the famine had been artificially created in order to 
break the opposition of the peasants to collectivization, it 
became necessary to conceal it, and concealed it was. At the 
same time measures were undertaken to make this gigantic act 
of terror against the people of Ukraine as effective as possible. 








уда, December 29, 1933. 
Solovey, Holhota Ukrayiny, New York 1953, p. 5. 

"А delegation was sent to Europe at that time, which conducted 
Propaganda about imperative need of aid for the starving population of 
Soviet Russia.. A number of foreign charitable organizations worked inside 
Soviet Russia, bringing aid in the amount of 32 million puds of food, valued 
at 100 million gold roubles. About 11 million people were thus helped. Mogi 
borby s golodom, p. 7. 





95 


О. H., a physician, stated that medical institutions were 
given secret orders that doctors were forbidden, under threat of 
heavy penalties, to make any mention of death by starvation in 
any reports or death certificates. They were to indicate that 
death was caused by “BBO,” an abbreviation (Russian) for 
non-albuminous secretions. Cause of death was often listed as 
"weakness" of old age or of youth, according to the age of the 
person, sometimes as heart failure, diarrhea, etc. The true cause 
of death was in all cases exhaustion from hunger. 

As has been mentioned before, officially the existence of 
famine was denied, and for this reason no mention of it could be 
found in the Soviet press. Unofficially, the government offered 
as an excuse for the cruel treatment of the Ukrainian people, 
their alleged subversion, branding and treating them as "class 
enemies." The authorities called the starving peasants idlers, 
who refused to work, "kurkuls and semi-kurkuls, who refuse to 
join the collective farms," and "anti-social and anti-government 
elements." An agronomist, O. S., was told by a chief of a 
political department that those who were dying, were “kurkuls, 
who have been sabotaging the Soviet authorities." 

In the countryside, at brigade meetings of shock-workers and 
grain collectors, government aides were wont to say that the 
class enemies, the kurkuls, were hiding grain and wrecking grain- 
collection plans, and the enemies of the people were spreading 
provocative lies about starving peasants, while as a matter of 
fact, only the slothful idlers who refused to work and were con- 
stantly engaged in sabotage were not starving and dying. 

The same was said of peasants who came to the cities, in 
search of work and bread, and were dying of starvation on city 
streets and markets. Meetings of clerks and workers were called 
in factories and institutions at which they were ordered not to 
pay any attention to these peasants. It was sometimes added, 
with cynicism, that kurkuls came to die in the cities in order to 
arouse the city proletariat against the Soviet government. 

Regardless of where they were dying, in the villages or in 
the cities, from the viewpoint of the government they were 
invariably "class enemies." V. A., an engineer, says: "During 
the October festivities of 1932, I was walking along a highway 
and noticed a man lying in a ditch. He was about 50 years old, 
with a long grey beard, dressed in rags. from under which an 
embroidered Ukrainian shirt was showing. I came closer to 


o6 


him. ‘Please give me something to eat’ he begged, stretching 
outhishand. Within a short time a crowd of perhaps a hundred 
workers had gathered around the man. In a few minutes a party 
organization тап appeared, and ordered in a piercing voice 
"Form columns, and march, don't pay any attention to a counter- 
revolutionary kurkul, let him die like a dog’.” 

The people themselves assumed an entirely different attitude 
towards those who suffered from hunger. This is what R. В.. 
an agronomist who travelled over Ukraine from Kiev to Donbas 
in March of 1933, says on the subject: "I made careful ob- 
servation of everything that could be seen from the railroad. At 
the major junction stops, such as Hrebinka, Romodan, Poltava, 
Kharkiw, Lozova, Sinelnikove, Chaplyne, one could not help 
noticing many peasants swollen from hunger who were trying to 
sell all sorts of things: clothes, kerchiefs, towels, blankets, linen 
eic. anything that they could scrape up from their storage chests. 
They offered al] those things practically for nothing, but there 
were no buyers. They wished to raise some money with which 
to buy a ticket to get away. Two peasant wornen boarded our 
car at the Hrebinka station. They looked frightened, but they 
got in with their children and stood in the corridor. This was 
an express train from Shepetiwka to Baku, which made only the 
major stops. For that reason, and also because it had already 
been filled in Kiev, so far no starving peasants had boarded our 
car. Although it was quite crowded, people in our compartment 
squeezed a little tighter and made room for the new passengers. 
They came in and sat down, holding their children's hands. 
They had no baggage, except a very small bundle in the hands 
of each woman. In reply to our questions they told us with 
some hesitation that they were going to the Donbas, where 
there were some people from their village, and they expected to 
get bread and possibly work with their aid; but they feared for 
the fate of their children. A little boy, about four years old, who 
had been sitting in his mother's lap, now said “Mother, I want 
something to eat." The woman looked at him with pity and 
started untying her small bundle, from which she pulled out a 
piece of something black, resembling bread. She broke it up 
and divided it among the children. The passengers now got 
busy, each pulled something out of his bag and gave it to them. 
“Mother, look, real bread” cried the little girl, when she had a 
piece of standard rationed Soviet bread from one of the 


EH o7 


passengers. The children scrambled all over each other, as if 
each wanted the other's piece of bread. Their eyes were 
glowing, like those of hungry animals. This lasted only a short 
while. Soon passengers from other compartments began coming 
in and bringing all sorts of food for the women and children. 
Somebody remarked that it was not good for them to eat a lot 
at first. The mothers then held the collected goods in their laps. 
Tears streamed down their faces; then the children cried, too, 
and all the other women in the compartment. Many men turned 
their faces away, unable to conceal their tears. Some spell had 
been broken. That which hitherto people could only imagine 
now confronted them as grim reality. The whole railroad 
carriage was moved by one emotion. The women finally calmed 
down, and one of them told a typical, frightful tragedy. The 
GPU took her husband. АП winter they stayed in an unheated 
house and ate cucumbers, cabbage and beets. They mixed 
chaff with beets and baked a kind of bread. They began to 
swell; in the last two weeks her parents and three children had 
died. There was no strength left to bury them, so she just put 
them in the garden and covered them with a little earth. There 
were houses in the same street whose occupants had all died, 
and the corpses were still lying there. Realizing that her days 
were numbered, she took the children and went to the railroad 
station. She had a little money but they would not sell her a 
ticket, demanding a permit from the village soviet. She felt 
all her strength ebbing and was sure she was going to die there 
at the station. But by a near-miracle, a railroad man whom she 
knew brought her some bread, gave her a ticket and put her on 
this train. 

I do not know who the other passengers in the car were. 
But I do know that this event created an unusual situation, 
where all were able to shed the compulsory mask of loyalty to 
the Soviet regime. People did not conceal thelr anger at the 
fact that one could see people dying of hunger, while at the same 
station huge amounts of grain were being loaded, grain produced 
by the very same people who were now dying for lack of it.” 

The artificial and deliberate nature of the famine of 1932- 
1933 is best borne out by the fact that the government did not 


‘Material gathered by the Democratic Association of Former Re- 
presses of the Soviets (DOBRUS) in Great Britain. See: M. Verbytsky, 
Naybilshy alochyn Kremlya, London, 1952, pp. 83-85. 


98 


furnish any food aid to the peasants whatsoever. At the plenum 
of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine 
(b) on June 10, 1933, some lesser party official very guardedly 
expressed a desire for government aid to the starving peasants. 
P. Postyshev was firmly opposed to it. He severely condemned 
a resolution of the Odessa district party committee which, at the 
start of the collection campaign of 1932, in the words of Posty- 
shev “made a plaintive call—to divert each first hectare of crops 
to communal feeding.” Postyshev continued: "Do we really 
have to consider how damaging this resolution is? This 
directive places the task of collecting grain for the government 
in second place, and communal feeding in the first. Is this not 
a flagrant example of some district party committees being 
pushed around by the greedy tendencies of collective farm 
workers, who are in turn being utilized by the class enemy and 
against the interests of the proletarian state.””* 

“Since Postyshev made this speech, the nature of the famine 
now prevailing in the Ukraine... has been admitted by the 
Bolsheviks.” 

Postyshev's directive had repercussion on the practical 
application of policies in the countryside in the spring and 
summer of 1933. The harvested grain was immediately sent to 
grain elevators, and only those workers who actually worked on 
collective farms would get a certain amount of grain on account. 
Those who could not work because they were exhausted by 
hunger did not get any bread from the new harvest, and con- 
tinued to starve until they died. 

There are eyewitness accounts attesting to the accuracy of 
the above statement. V. K., a scientist, who, along with students 
and scientists from Kharkiw, was sent to the village of Blaho- 
datne near Kharkiw to help furrow beets, the peasants being 
too weak to do it themselves, says: “When our column 
approached the village, we were struck by the complete silence 
of the place and the absence of any people. As we found out 
later, two-thirds of the inhabitants had died. We were given 
living quarters in the school building. We had brought a 
sufficient amount of food with us, but the collective farm had 
received orders to greet us with a supper. The hungry peasants 
cooked a meal of paste in water (thin flour paste). When we 


Pravda, June 22, 1933. 
* Ammende, op. cit. р. 61. 








came to eat, a crowd of hungry children had gathered from all 
over the village, begging us for food. The students, shocked 
by the appearance of these children, distributed the food received 
from the village and also their own bread among the hungry. 
Conversation was struck up, but those in charge cf the student 
brigade saw danger in too close contact with the peasants and 
ordered that no-one should engagi conversation or distributc 
bread! A half hour later, the children who had eaten аНег 
a long period of starvation began falling down with severe 
cramps in their stomachs. The girl students went into hysterics 
at this sight, and then our bosses ordered all of us into the 
school building, and the children to be carried to their homes in 
the village. The next day we went to look around the village. 
We met a wagon piled with dead bodies. It stopped at every 
house and the man asked if there were any bodies. If there were, 
some men would take them out and put them on the wagon. 
Because the weakened peasants were unable to dig graves, the 
wagon stopped by the cellar of a house, filled it with corpses and 
then piled earth on top. There was no sign of mourning. The 
peasants’ faces showed a complete indifference to what went on 
around them. But the students were impressed and deeply 
shocked, so they were again given orders not to walk around the 
village, and not to contact the villagers! We went to weed the 
furrows of sugar-beets. City-folk, unused to this kind of work, 
soon tired, and the work was not very effective, either. The 
collective farm chiefs attached a local peasant to our student 
brigade, whose job was to sharpen our hoes. He worked in 
silence until the noon meal, when the students, out of the good- 
ness of their hearts, shared their food with him, and he had 
a big meal. The result was tragic and unforeseen by the 
students: the man died before their eyes about half an hour 
later. 

On our way back from the fields we saw some girls who 
were hoeing and looked hungry. The students surreptitiously 
gave them some bread. The girls hid the bread and asked: 
“What did you come here for? Give us food and we will do a 
much better job than you.”” 

R. В., tells: “During my stay in a village helping with the 





** Material gathered by D. Solovey op. cit, Detroit, 1952. pp. 49-51. 


200 


harvest," I entered a house. When my presence was noticed, 
hands were stretched out to me, and then I saw the hungry 
eyes of a woman and two children. They were swollen and 
apparently breathing their last." 

Mr. and Mrs. Stebalo, Americans of Ukrainian birth, who 
had migrated to the United States in 1913, revisited their native 
village in July 1933. THE NEW YORK TIMES of August 29, 
1933 published the following report of this visit: "When the 
news spread that the Americans had arrived, the pair were 
surrounded by inhabitants and conducted to Stebalo's mother. 
Like the others, she was swollen with hunger, and her body 
was covered with sores. But when she finally grasped that her 
children had arrived, she wept without uttering a word. For 
two years she had received none of the money that was sent to 
her. When the Stebalo's had distributed bread among the in- 
habitants, the latter became talkative, though terribly afraid of 
being denounced. They told how hunger compelled them to 
eat the leaves of the trees and the most loathsome refuse just to 
have something inside them, and said that the whole population 
of the village would probably die, and they could not touch the 
harvest in the fields, for these were guarded by an armed 
detachment.” 

Moscow deliberately refused to help the peasants in their 
plight because any aid would have been contrary to her plans. 

W. H. Chamberlin has the following to say on this sub- 
ject: "The Soviet government could easily have averted the 
famine from its own resources if it had desired to do so. A 
complete cessation of the export of foodstuffs in 1932 or the 
diversion of a small amount of foreign currency to the purchase 
of grain and provisions would have achieved this end. The So- 
viet attitude was pretty adequately summed up by Mr. Mezhuev, 
President of the Poltava Soviet, who said to me: "To have im- 
ported grain would have been injurious to our prestige. To have 

17 In the summer of 1933 there was a lack of workers in the villages to 
bring in the harvest because so many had died of hunger. P. Postyshev 
therefore ordered hundreds of thousands of city workers and clerks to go 


out and help with the harvest. 
**. See also Ammende, op. cit. p. 65. 


101 


let the peasants keep their grain would have encouraged them 
to go on producing little'."* 

In point of fact the USSR exported 17,600 cwts of grain in 
1932, and 17,175 cwts in 1933.” 

These figures indicate that grain exports during the famine 
years of 1932 and 1933 were five tirnes greater than during 1928, 
when only 3,440 cwts of grain went abroad." 

“By exporting part of the grain wrung from the peasantry, 
Moscow has contributed to the increase of the number of victims 
of the catastrophe." 

The death rate ot starving peasants was continually on the 
increase, due to the lack of any aid from the government as 
supplies became exhausted. "In Kuban, at the Kazakanska Sta- 
nitsa, according to a statement made by the chief of the village 
soviet, Nemov, people were dying at the following rate: 

January (1933) 21 persons 
344 o" 


February ” 
March hi 79 i 
April d 158..." 


This upward tendency most probably continued during May and 
early June, until early vegetables provided some relief.” 

During the time when the starving population of Ukraine 
was dying of hunger at railroad stations, at these same stations 
grain elevators and warehouses were full of food products. An 
American newspaperman, H. Lang, correspondent of the New 
York JEWISH DAILY FORWARD, wrote: "Travelling 
across the limitless fields of Ukraine... we saw huge pyramids 
of grain, piled high, and smoking from internal combustion. We 
noticed hundreds of carloads of grain and other food products, 
forgotten and left on side-tracks."* 

PRAVDA printed in the summer of 1933 a series of open 
letters of protest from collective farms in the German Volga 
Republic, in which the writers stated that: "The so-called aid 


9€ W. H. Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Age, Boston 1934, p, 89. 
S. Bakunin and D. Myshustin, Vneshnyaya torgoviya SSSR за 20 let; 
1918-1937, Moscow, 1939, pp. 34-35. 

Vneshnyaya torgoviya SSSR k ХУП sexdu partii, Sbornik statey i 

lov pod redaktsi . D. Yansona, Moscow, 1934, p. 92. 
mmende, op. cit, p. 150. 

7. W. H. Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Age, р. 85. 

зе Sotsialisticheski Vestnik No. 19, 1933, p. 15. 

= From a letter of the kolkhozniks from Kolkhoz "New Hope,” Pravda, 
July 14, 1933. 











102 


for the starving in money and goods had better be applied to 
Germany proper, where the peasants are ruined, and the 
unemployment and hunger of the workers is on the increase." 
The next day a letter from another collective farm said that: 
"We live as no working peasants have ever lived in history." 

Particularly convincing must have been the letter addressed 
to the peasants of Germany, which stated in the name of German, 
collective workers, that “after harvesting our crops we shall 
carry out the slogan of Comrade Stalin, that no collective farm 
worker is to be without a cow." 

While such letters of protest were being written and 
published, real German collective farm workers, who lived on 
хае left bank of the Dnister river in Ukrainian Bessarabia, were 
dying of hunger within sight of their kinsmen, also Germans, 
who lived on the right bank of the Dnister, in the part of 
Bessarabia which was part of Rumania.” 

“Under the eyes of the Germans in Bessarabia — the houses 
and people on the Russian bank can easily be seen across the 
Dnister — their friends and brethren starve to death in Soviet 
territory. The Germans had a surplus of grain, fruit and other 
food. In the summer of 1933 they raised twenty truckloads of 
grain to place them at the disposal of a relief organization for 
their countrymen across the frontier but in vain, — their help 
was declined. They had to go on watching their kinsmen perish 
across the Dnister.”” 

The Ukrainians beyond the Soviet border organized relief 
committees to aid starving Ukraine. In Lviv a ‘Ukrainian 
Citizen’s Committee to Save Ukraine’ was established. Parallel 
with this, a series of county committees was formed, collaborating 
with the Lviv center. Similar civic committees for the relief of 
Ukraine sprang up in Prague, Paris, Berlin, Brussels, Warsaw, 
Chernivtsi (Bukovina, then under Rumania), and in New York. 
All the committees recognized the leadership of the Lviv 
committee, which thus became the center of all relief activities. 





w = From а letter of the kolkhozniks from Kolkhoz "Ajhorkait," Pravda, 
uly 15, 1933. 

=" From a letter of the kolkhozniks from Kolkhoz "New Path," Pravda, 
July 12, 1933. 

** In June of 1940 that part of Bessarabia which belonged to Roumania 
was incorporated into Soviet Ukraine, along with Bukovina. Another part 
of Bessarabia was made part of the Moldavian Socialist Soviet Republic. 

зә This and other similar facts were widely published in the press of 
the world. See also Ammende, op. cit. рр. 69, 70. 


103 


Regardless of how much the government refused to accept aid 
for the starving and denied the existence of famine, the 
significance of the Ukrainian Relief Committees lay in the 
opportunity they had of informing the world of the origins of 
the famine in Ukraine, its scope and consequences. 

In order to make the famine more bitter Moscow organized 
a blockade of the Ukrainian countryside. “Villages which did not 
fill the grain quotas that were demanded from them were ‘blo- 
cede in the sense that no city products were allowed to reach 
them." 

In this manner the villages were deprived, as a consequence 
of the blockade, of a number of necessities, indispensable in any 
normal rural life, such as salt, kerosine, gasoline, matches, sugar, 
shoes, clothing, etc. 

But even worse was the need of the villagers for bread and 
food, and this, as has been noted before, compelled the peasants 
to try and find salvation by escaping to the cities. In order to 
halt this mass exodus of peasants towards the cities, Moscow 
prohibited the sale of railroad tickets to peasants. A railroad- 
man, $. К. says: 

I worked as senior conductor at Osnova near Kharkiw 
in 1933. On May 25, dispatcher Peter Shaposhnikov 
gave me orders to take over a passenger train at the 
Osnova station and take charge of it between the 
stations Kharkiw-Levada and Balaklea. Then chief 
conductor O. Onopko gave me an order, authorizing 
me to issue tickets only to employed workers and only 
to those peasants who had travel permits from their 
government and collective farms, signed by the chiefs 
of such institutions or the chief of the regional 
executive committee, and only when the purpose of 
their trip was to get spare parts for tractors. No 
other trips by peasants were permitted. Peasants 
who did not have such special permits could not buy 
tickets at the railroad stations, nor from conductors on 
trains. This order originated in the Peoples’ 
Commissariat т Moscow, and its execution was 
carefully watched by our third department in Osnova, 
headed by com. Bayov. Before proceeding on our 
tour of duty. O. Onopko called all the seniors together. 


* W. H. Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Аде, p. 86. 





104 


read the order to us and asked us whether we were 
familiar with its contents and would carry it out. At 
the station of Balaklea, (where we arrived in the 
evening and stood until 4 A.M.), we saw masses of 
hungry and swollen people. Many women had child- 
ren in their arms, in the same condition. They all 
wanted to board our train in order to go to the city of 
Kharkiw, where they hoped to get bread and other food 
stuffs, Tickets were not sold to these people and they 
were not permitted on the train, The people begged and 
pleaded to be allowed in. It was three A.M. and the 
other conductors were asleep in the forward car 
behind the locomotive. I could not refuse them, and 
let them in but told them to keep quiet and not tell 
anyone about it. 

When I returned tp Osnova, O. Onopko and chief 
of the workers committee Peter Sviniarov knew what 
Ihad done. I was called before a so-called Workers’ 
Court and accused of disorganizing railroad transporta- 
tion, carrying 75 per cent of the passengers without 
tickets and refusing to carry out the specific orders of 
the Peoples’ Commissariat, Luckily, I was merely 
fired from the job. 

Some time before, in 1932, a unified passport system had 
been introduced for the entire USSR,” the object of which was 
to clean out the cities from kurkul, criminal and other anti-social 
elements. 

Officially, this decree included among the so-called unde- 
sirable elements all persons "not connected with production. or 
employment in schools or institutions, or not engaged in useful 
work." Accordingly therefore, the peasants were prohibited 
from living in the cities without a special dispensation. 

The decrees of the government were specifically directed 
against the peasants who were starving, the main objective 
being not to allow them into the cities at all. The authorities 
were also particularly careful not to let them go beyond the 
borders of Ukraine. A former railroad employee, M. D. says: 
“The then Peoples’ Commissar of Roads, А. A. Andreyev, 


m Osnovnye direktivy partii i pravitelstva po selskomu khosapstvu 


1931—1934 gg. Moscow, 1934, 2nd ed., p. 41. 
™ Pensioners and disabled war veterans were exempt. 


105 


issued a secret order in the spring of 1933 when railroad travel 
by hungry peasants had assumed catastrophic proportions: 
‘Peasants are not to be permitted to travel from Ukraine to 
Moscow. Tickets to be issued only against special permits’. 
Some peasants were fortunate enough to be able to obtain these 
permits and thus circumvented А. A. Andreyev's directive. 
Commissar Andreyev was then compelled to issue a supple- 
mentary secret order: “Travel permits are to be controlled by 
central offices and issued only for official travel" To assure 
compliance with this order, an augmented detachment of the 
NKVD was placed on the border of hungry Ukraine and well- 
{ед Russia, especially between the stations of Mikhailiwka (Uk- 
raine) and Zernovo (Russia), where all trains proceeding frorn 
Ukraine to Moscow were carefully checked. The hungry people 
managed to get around all this, too. They would take a train to 
Konotop or Tereshchenkovo and from there proceed on foot. 
Women with children would often walk 80 to 100 kilometres, 
avoiding main highways, going through fields and woods until 
they would reach Zernovo or Nalva, well within the Russian 
Soviet Republic, and there board trains for Moscow or points 
beyond Moscow. This decree was not repealed by the next 
Commissar of Transportation, L. Kaganovich, until towards the 
end of 1934." 

Another witness, B. A., an engineer relates: "In Homel, 
(Byelo-Russia) I saw the militia check all passengers' baggage 
on the train from Leningrad, and take away all bread. When I 
was going to see my parents in Ukraine in the summer of 1933, 
I had with me two trunks of bread. Because I had a student 
ticket and vacation travel documents which I showed to the 
guards, I was able to have my baggage passed without inspec- 
tion. In this manner I smuggled bread from the poor North to 
rich Ukraine, where the grain for this bread was originally pro- 
duced. This was the best present I could bring my old mother, 
my brothers and sisters. When my brother came to meet me at 
the station and I opened a trunk of bread, I saw the look of 
suffering on his face when he said: 'Before, you used to come 
home to rest up and get fed, and now we are hungry and you 
bring baked bread to the village!’ He cut a piece, and munched 
it with the greatest relish, tears streaming down his cheeks." 

In consequence of the travel-restricting decrees, the number 
of peasants who were able to corne to the cities, and especially 


106 


of those who could remain there, diminished greatly, as can be 
seen from the following statistical data. 
Arrival, departure and settlement of population in the 
cities of the USSR between 1928 and 1933 (in thousands) 
arrived departed met increase 


1928 6,477 5415 1,062 
5,566 1,392, 
2,833 





9 
6,644 m" 


Finally, in the spring of 1933 at a time when famine was at 
its height and whole villages were dying, towers were erected in 
the fields and guards kept watch lest the hungry people should 
pick the tops of grain from the fields. These people were 
nicknamed “barbers,” because they cut the whiskers off growing 
grain. 

I. D., an engineer, thus described these watchtowers: 
“When I was going through the villages of Pervomaiske, Ol- 
shanske, Harbuzinske, Blahodatnivske, Dobrovelichkiwske and 
other regions of the northern Odessa district in the spring of 
1933, I saw towers throughout the fields, wherever grain was 
growing. The towers were erected according to a decree of July 
2, 1932 ‘On protection of socialist property.’ They looked just 
like those that stand guard around concentration camps. If the 
field was plain and clear, the tower consisted of four tall posts 
with a small hut of wood or straw on top. The top was reached 
by a high ladder. If there was a tall tree in the field, then a 
couple of posts would be dug in under the tree to support a hut 
built among the branches of the tree. Similar towers were built 
on the fringes of woods. An old oak or other big tree would 
support the hut without any props. 

The towers were always manned by guards armed, asa rule, 
with shotguns. These guards were activists or guards delegated 
from other duties. In the early spring, just after sowing or 
planting they watched lest hungry people should dig up sown 
grain or planted potatoes. Later, they guarded the field from 
being plucked of grain. People caught digging for food in the 


= SSSR v talfrakh, Moscow, 1935, p. 205. 


107 


field or plucking were shot at, often with fatal results." 

In some villages detachments of "light cavalry" were 
formed, composed of komsomols and party members, who went 
hunting the aforementioned “barbers.” In the village of Ho- 
rodsi, Slavichan region, Zhitomir district, such “light cavalry” 
killed the peasants Palazka Tatiuk, Platon Khepchitsa, Nm 
Andrakhovich, Dmytro Koyan and others. 

In the village of Mala Berezanka, Tarashchan region, 
district of Kiev, the head of the village soviet, Pavlo Teresh- 
chenko, a candidate for membership in the communist party, 
personally shot and killed the following seven people in the act 
of plucking grain from the fields: Denis Parubochy, 28; Ivan 
Parubochy, 15; Maria Smovna, 14; Mykhailo Piznichenko, 15; 
Makar Ratushny, 35; Iryna Ratushna, 30; Ivan Sirenko, 29. 
The majority of those killed were minors, and it is noteworthy 
that, perhaps for this reason, the murderer was sentenced to 5 
years hard labor. 

P. Postyshev made it a point to stress that tens of thou- 
sands of children and young pioneers had been mobilized to fight 
for the protection of collective crops. “Suffice to say, that in 25 
regions of Ukraine 540,000 children were engaged in the pro- 
tection of crops and picking fallen grain. and 10,000 children in 
the fight against wreckers.”™ 

Such were the measures undertaken by Moscow to make the 
artificially created famine more painful and more efficient. 


> From a speech by P. Postyshev delivered at a plenum of the 
Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine (b), November 19, 
1933, Pravda, Novernber 24, 1933. 


108 


7 


World opinion on the famine in Ukraine (France, Belgium, 

England, United States, League of Nations). Secondary admis- 

sion of the famine by the Soviet regime: 

a) foreign correspondents prohibited to travel to Ukraine and 
the Northern Caucasus; 

b) the famine as a means of fighting "the class enemy," declar- 
ations of Kosior, Postyshev, Khatayevich; 7 
€) the famine as a means of breaking (ће peasants opposition 

to government measures: declarations of Yakovlev, Kalinin, 


Sheboldayev; 

d) “The Drabiw Case"; 

€) revocation of the census of 1937, promulgation of a decree 
against abortions. End of the famine. 


The tragedy of famine through which the Ukrainian nation 
lived in the years 1932 and 1933 became well known throughout 
the world. The press of the world was filled with reports con- 
cerning it. 

A few examples: the Paris daily, LE MATIN, of December 
31, 1933, in an article titled “Famine in Ukraine” said: “The sys- 
tematically organized famine has as its objective the destruction 
of a nation, whose only crime is that it is striving for freedom . . . 
Ukraine has come under the impervious rule of Moscow and the 
communist regime against her will. This regime has quickly 
managed to reduce the land to its present situation. People have 
started killing cats and dogs for food... . Dead horses have been 
taken away by the government, and to prevent epidemics, disin- 
fectants and lime were poured over thern. People would dig them 
up at night, wash and dry them and then eat the horsemeat. 
There are no more horses today. Sometimes over a few houses 
in a village a black flag is seen waving; this is a sign that there 
is nobody left in the village all having died of starvation." 

The Belgian daily LA FLANDRE LIBERALE hadan edi- 
torial in the September 2, 1933 issue, entitled “Оп the Occasion of 
Ukraine's Misfortune,” reading thus: "So Ukraine is dying. The 
Ukrainians are dying of hunger. This is a great calamity not 


109 


only for Ukraine and the Ukrainians, but for the culture of Киз- 
sia, Europe, and even the whole world. For this dying land 
was once a great production centre of agriculture. There, where 
today people are dying exhausted by famine, lush harvests sup- 
plied not only the people of Ukraine with enough bread, but also 
all the inhabitants of Central Europe. The soil has not changed, 
only the people. This is where we have to look for the causes 
of the great drama, in which a whole nation has become a sacri- 
ficial victim." 

The British DAILY TELEGRAPH wroteon September 9, 
1933: 

"Pilate took water and washed his hands... Is this the at- 
titude the British people are to take, when they are told about 
things they find hard to believe in the year 1933? The famine 
started when the authorities took all the grain away from the 
people. Children under 14 were the first to feel the pangs of 
hunger. Only the strongest are managing to exist, the majority 
are dying. Itis a long time since there have been dogs, cats, not 
to mention poultry in the villages. When a cow dies, it is con- 
sumed immediately . . . The fields are overgrown with weeds, 
the roads too, as very few people travel, fearing robbery...”. 

An American journalist, G. Lange of the NEW YORK 
JEWISH DAILY FORWARD wrote in this paper after his 
return from the Soviet Union: “When we were in Russia, we did 
not know that so much was being written abroad about the 
famine in Russia, and we thought that after we came back we 
should have to make no end of explanations about it. But here 
we see they know a great deal. We can only confirm all this. 
Yes, in huge areas of Russia — we saw it with our own eyes in 
Ukraine — real, unrestrained famine ravaged and does to this 
day, along with hunger typhus, swollen, naked corpses, empty 
villages whose inhabitants have been deported, died, or run 
away, and with cannibalism that has ceased to be a punishable 
crime." 

Newspapers of New York, Chicago, Germany, Switzerland 
and other countries gave accounts of the famine in Ukraine. 

Finally, the matter reached the chairman of the 76th Session 
of the League of Nations, Mr. Mowinkel, Norwegian Foreign 
Minister. 

* Using the term "Russia" the author (Mr. Lange) abviously has in mind 


Russia in its pre-revolutionary meaning. What he means is the USRR in 
its boundaries of the period. 


110 


In an interview given to the correspondent of the Paris daily 
"LE MATIN," published on October 1, 1933, M. H. Koraba 
stated: 

“It would be easiest to do nothing, because it con- 
cerns a country that has not expressed its wishes and 
is not a member of the League of Nations. I would 
comply literally with all accepted rules, if I were to 
throw the moving documents which I have received 
in the wastebasket. I do not think, however, that I 
have a right to get rid of the matter in such a bureau- 
cratic way. It concerns my conscience, as it is not 
political, but only a humanitarian act, which as related 
to me by some of my informants, concerns the lives of 
millions. Every day I receive letters and telegrams 
from all corners of the world, from different societies 
and organizations, which describe particular instances 
and add up to a full picture of the situation. For this 
reason I cannot remain silent. I know that any action 
will be difficult from the legal and political angle. But 
perhaps we could approach the Moscow government 
with a friendly inquiry—whether it might not consider 
it indicated to permit an international mission to visit 
the territory of the disaster for the purpose of fact-find- 
ing and aid". 

A confidential meeting of the League Council, according to 
"Le MATIN," at which Mowinkel tried to convince his colleagues 
of the need of any kind of gesture of aid to Ukraine, lasted a 
long time. In the discussion the participants became keenly in- 
terested in the catastrophe. Nevertheless, the League Council 
was of the opinion that it could not act directly. For this reason 
it transferred all material to the International Red Cross and 
requested Mr. Mowinkel to inform the Soviet government per- 
sonally of this. Thus Geneva encountered insurmountable ob- 
stacles in procedure. But at the same time the tragic fact of 
famine in Soviet Ukraine Бесате to be juridically acknowledged 
and the 7th Session of the League of Nations confirmed it in 
practice." 

The world's attention was turned to the famine in Ukraine 
once again on the occasion of the trial of an 18-year-old student, 
member of a secret organization of Ukrainian nationalists, who, 
on October 26, 1933, assassinated the Soviet Consul in Lviv. 


11 


Coming to the Soviet Consulate, and declaring that he wanted 
to go to the Soviet Ukraine, Mykola Lemyk was admitted to 
the office of Mayorov, then Soviet Vice-Consul. There, while 
ostensibly pulling documents out of his pocket, he drew a gun, 
and as related by his friends, shouted: “For the death of millions 
of brother Ukrainians, starved, tortured and executed by you"! 
He shot and killed Mayorov. 

Mykola Lemyk surrendered to the Polish police in order to 
be tried, and thus broadcast the motives of his deed to the world. 

In open court, in the presence of diplomatic representatives 
of many governments and correspondents of newspapers from 
all over the world, Lemyk unfolded a substantiated indictment 
of Moscow, explaining his act as retribution against the occu- 
pants of his land for their inhumanities in Ukraine, and as a 
means of drawing the world's attention to the tragedy going on 
in the Ukrainian Soviet Republic. 

In spite of the precautions taken by Moscow to deny ex- 
istence of the famine in Ukraine in 1932-1933, a whole series of 
facts prove the contrary. Without admitting the existence of 
the famine directly, Moscow nevertheless admitted it indirectly 
by a whole series of acts and declarations on the part of its out- 
standing representatives. 

Atthe Third All-Ukrainian Party conference of July, 1933, 
V. Molotov declared: "In a number of regions (of Ukraine), as 
a result of mistakes rnade during the campaign of grain collec- 
tion, difficulties in food supplies have arisen. In many collective 
farms great difficulties in food supplies exist to this day." 

The NEW YORK HERALD TRIBUNE of August 21, 1933, 
carried the following dispatch from its Moscow correspondent, 
P. B. Barnes: "New censorship measures exclude accredited 
foreign correspondents from those regions of the USSR where 
conditions are unfavorable”. Ukraine, and the Northern Cau- 
casus, where a great famine was known to have raged during 
the winter and spring, are now closed to individual trips by cor- 
respondents. Today, the Soviet government has forbidden the 
permanent correspondent of the CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MON- 


* D. Solovey. Winnipeg, 1953. p. 221. 

> Pravda, July 14, 1939. It has been explained in chapter IV, supra. 
“difficulties in connection with lack of bread.” "nutri- 
difficult supply situation,” are synonymous with 
mes for famine, employed without actually using the word 








ITOR, Mr. W.H.Chamberlin, who has lived in Moscow for 11 
years, to go to the Kuban, Poltava and Kharkiw regions, although 
until recently he was free to travel to all parts of the Soviet 
Union."* 

The famine as a means of fighting the so-called class enemy 
is the most outstanding characteristic of the famine in Ukraine 
during 1932 and 1933. There was nothing accidental, unfore- 
seen or elemental about it. Everything was decided, foreseen 
and properly planned. 

The authorities knew that all the measures aimed at collec- 
tivization were violently opposed by the peasantry, especially 
by the peasantry of Ukraine. This opposition was considered 
to be that of a "class enemy," against whorn all means of com- 
bat are justified. In "КОММОМІЅТ,” the official organ of the 
Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine, an edi- 
torial of June 2, 1933, declared: “А number of grave defects in 
the work of the party in the Ukraine, most convincingly related 
by Stalin at the session of the Central Committee in January, 
are clear proof that the chief fault of the Ukrainian party organ- 
ization consists in a relaxation of Bolshevist zeal in dealing with 
the class enemy.” 

As far as Moscow was concerned, the famine was merely 
one stage in the fight against the peasants. 

Moscow approached the problem of the artificially created 
famine—not from an ethical, but from an economical viewpoint, 
in accordance with the motto "the end justifies the means." 
At the Seventeenth Congress of the All-Union Communist Par- 
ty, which took place after the famine had ended, Kosior declar- 
ed: "During the time between the Sixteenth and Seventeenth 
Congresses of the Party (1930 to 1934), the Party has achieved 
great victories in the cruel class warfare against the remnants 
of capitalist elements. The fight was relentless . . . for at the 
time the problem of the socialist reconstruction of the villages 
was at stake . . . therefore the fact that we went about the task 
with deliberation decided our success of 1933."* 

The then dictator of Ukraine, P. Postyshev, had the same 


* This № mentioned in W. H. Chamberlin's Russia's Iron Age. Rostom. 
1934, p. 82. Later, towards the end of 1933, he did manage to visit these 
areas, as mentioned in subsequent chapters of the book. 

> Ammende, р. 119. op. clt. 

* XVII Serd Veesoyusnoy Kommunisticheskoy Partii (b). Stenografi- 
cheskij otchet, pp. 197, 199. Partisdat, 1934. 


B 113 


thing in mind, when he asked: "What determined 
tion of the crisis in the rural economy of Ukraine 
swered: "a decisive battle, joined with the class enemy." 

In this fight: “the government had in reserve and was pre- 
pared to employ the last, sharpest weapon in the armory of class 
warfare: organized famine.” 

A member of the Politburo of the CP (b) of Ukraine, 
Khatayevich, sent to Ukraine along with P. Postyshev, had pre- 
cisely this period of sharp warfare by Moscow against the 
Ukrainian nation in mind, when he declared at the Seventeenth 
Party Congre: "The whole country, the whole party and the 
whole working class have been watching with great attention and 
anxiety what has been going on in Ukraine during the last 1% 
to 2 years." 

After millions of the population of Ukraine had died from 
famine," the then secretary general of the Central Committee 
of the Communist Party of Ukraine (b) and member of the 
All-Union CP Politburo, S. Kosior, painted the following pic- 
ture of "achievements" of the communist party in Ukraine at 
the Thirteenth Congress of Soviets of the Ukrainian Soviet 
Socialist Republic, January 17, 1935: "Acknowledging the great 
amount of work put in during 1933-1934 into the fight against 
Ukrainian nationalist and other counter-revolutionary elements, 
work which has not ceased and which shall not cease, we must 
say that of course we gave the nationalists a beating, a good one, 
and as the saying goes, we hit the spot . . .” 

Postyshev addressed the Seventeenth Congress of the АП- 
Union CP in 1934 on the same theme: “We have annihilated 
the nationalist counter-revolution during the past year, we have 
exposed and destroyed nationalist deviationism, headed by 
Skrypnyk."" 

In this manner both bolshevik dictators of Ukraine, S. Kosier 
and P. Postyshev, admitted openly that the artificially created 
famine in Ukraine of 1933 had been the deadly weapon with 
which Moscow beat the nationalists hard, and "hit the spot." 

Any comments on this would be superfluous. 

“The famine was a means of fighting the class enemy, and 


















7 Thid., p. 68. 
s Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Age, p. 89. 
> XVII веха... p. 77. 

** See Chapter Yir — Intra. 

© XVII зева... р. 


114 


at the same time of breaking their opposition." А. Yakoviev, 
the Peoples' Commissar of Agriculture, said of this matter, ad- 
dressing the All-Union congress of collective shock-workers in 
February, 1933, at the time the famine was ravaging Ukraine: 
"Last year they (the collective farm workers of Ukraine) fell 
short in sowing wheat, oats and barley. Thus, they brought 
damage upon the governments and themselves. What is more, 
they did not harvest it properly and occupied the last place of 
all the regions of our land in doing their duty to the govern- 
тепе... By their poor work they punished themselves and the 
government... Then let us, comrade Ukrainian collective work- 
ers conclude from this: now is the time of reckoning for the bad 
work of the past.” 

The same matter was the subject of M. Kalinin's speech 
to the Second Congress of Collective Shock-workers of the 
Gorky Land in June, 1933. Mentioning Ukraine and the North- 
ern Caucasus he stated: "The masses of collectives went through 
a good schooling this year. The school was quite cruel to 
some." 

"In this cryptic understatement President Kalinin summed 
up the situation in Ukraine and the North Caucasus from the 
Soviet viewpoint. The innumerable new graves in the richest 
Soviet agricultural regions mark the passing of those who did 
e the ordeal, who were victims of this ‘ruthless 





Hence, “there can be no doubt, famine which brings death 
in its most painful forms, was an effective means of breaking 
any tendency on the part of the peasants to indulge in passive 
resistance or ‘sabotage’. There was general testimony that work 
in the collective farms proceeded at a much faster pace in 1933 
than in preceding years, even when the collective farm members 
were weakened by hunger.”” 

Slikhner, representing Ukraine at the Seventeenth Congress 
of the All-Union CP., said “that the year 1933 was the first year 
of a decisive break in the agricultural economy . . . we have 
sufficient grain deliveries, and in such quantities that they sur- 
pass the previous year by 16.7 million cwts. This fact proves a 


“© Pravda, February 19, 1933. 
» Pravda, June 24, 1933. 
“SW H. Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Age, p. 89. 


deep change in the attitude of the core of the masses of collec- 
ers towards the duties owed to the proletarian 





Sheboldayev, representative of the Northern Caucasus, also 
emphasized that "we have today undoubtedly some initial suc- 
cess in liquidating the crisis which had developed in agriculture 
in the Caucasus." 

PRAVDA published the following data in December 1933: 


Grain quotas for 1833 


Deadline set by date of date of ending 

the government completion collections in 1932/33 
Ukraine Jan. 1, 1994 Dec. 5, 1933 March 15, 1933 
North. Caucasus Jan 1, 1934 Dec. 10, 1933 Feb. 15, 1933 


“Тһе collective farms and individuals have fulfilled their 
obligations to the government without any mass repres- 
sions.”"* 

The end of the paragraph about “mass repressions” fully 
attests to the fact that the artificially created famine in the 
previous year was precisely the repression referred to. 

That the opposition of the peasants had been broken is 
borne out not only by the fact that more grain was obtained 
from the Ukrainian peasants and within a shorter term. There 
are other indications of the same facts. As of November 1, 1933, 
in Ukraine 84 per cent of the grain had been thrashed (64 per 
cent the year before), winter sowings 97 per cent (86 per cent 
the year before), beets harvested — 84 per cent (69 per cent the 
previous year), beets delivered—65 per cent (60 per cent the 
previous year). 60 per cent of all the collective farms of 
Ukraine had worked 300 to 500 work-days, while those that had 
75 workdays or less comprised only 6 per cent of the farms.” 

In the Caucasus the number of work-days per able-bodied 
collective farm worker increased from 139 days in 1931 and 140 
in 1932 to more than 200 days in 1933." 

“The Drabiv Case” which came to trial in June and July 





1 XVII зета... p. 86. 

“© XVII sezd... p. 148. 

** Pravda, December 16, 1933. 
** Pravda, November 24, 1933. 
= ХУП ева... р. 87. 

* Ibid., p. 148. 





16 


1933," gives an idea of the methods employed by govern- 
ment agents in taking bread away from the peasants, which 
brought about the famine. The trial of the bosses of the Drabiv 
region had as its objective the shift of blame from the central 
government, where it properly belonged, to local organs of the 
government, for all the misdeeds committed during grain col- 
lections in Ukraine in 1932 and 1933. 

In order to comply with the strict demands of the center in 
the matter of grain collections the regional bosses began to act 
according to the slogan "Take the bread where it's easiest to 
get, no matter from whom and by what method." Methods of 
coercion of the peasants were thus used on a wide scale. 

Thirty defendants," were accused of: 

1. Hiding and ignoring all complaints of the peasants 

against misdeeds and acts of terror in collecting grain. 

2. Suppression of all self-criticism. (Hold your tongue be- 

cause this will wreck grain collection). 

3. Forced fabrication of kurkuls out of poor and middle 

class peasants, and even out of party members. 

4. Licentiousness, coercion, robbery. 

5. Disposal of all sowing supplies on the direct orders of 

Shirokov and Shopenko. 
6. Employment of convicted criminals in collecting grain. 
All the accused were found guilty and sentenced to 2-3 
years imprisonment. 

It should be noted that during the trial not one word was 
mentioned about the removal of all bread from peasants of the 
Drabiv region, nor about their starvation, nor of the deaths as 
a result of famine. Thus, the trial was staged in order to dis- 
credit the local authorities for their grain collection work in 
1932-33, and not to punish them for taking bread away from the 
peasants, which was the cause of many deaths. 

Cancellation of the 1937 census is an oblique admission of 
the artificial creation of the famine of 1932-1933. 

The 1937 census, or rather its results, were declared void 
because it revealed great deficiencies in the population of 
Ukraine." 


** Village of Drabovo, Drabiw region, Poltava district. 

з» Among them: regional party secretary Bodan, chief of the regional 
executive committee Shirokov, chief of KKRSI Shópenko and a number 
of regional bigwigs. 

* Visti, June-July, 1933. 


117 


"t he world should, for obvious reasons, not know about this. 
Theretore, in order to get out of the difficult situation, it was 
resolved that "wreckers" had deliberately reported smaller num- 
bers ot people tor the census, results were made inaccurate, and 
ѕпоша not ое used. ‘гпеге were even rumors to the ertect tnat 
tne Umer or Panning ot the UDSR, Kuybyshev, paid with his 
ute tor these results of the 193/ census which were unfavorable 
to tne Politburo, and for nis incautious use of them in the inner 
circle or the party and government. 

Another oblique admission of the famine, or rather its re- 
sults, was the promulgation of a decree in 1936 prohibiting 
abortions. The Soviet government attempted to show an in- 
crease in population in this manner, and at least partially regain 
the population lost through the famine. 

The decree against abortions did not produce the desired 
results, but only increased the number of unauthorized or “ип- 
derground" abortions, without doctors, under insanitary con- 
ditions, and hence productive of a larger number of female hos- 
pital cases. The trend of a diminishing birth-rate was not 
halted. 

Another indication of population deficiency was the decree 
providing for prizes and premiums for mothers with many chil- 
dren, which included better jobs, medals, etc. 

Following the gathering of the harvest in Ukraine in the 
summer of 1933, the peasants working on collective farms were 
issued rations sufficient for existence. Mass starvation had 
ceased. The work on collective farms began to recuperate 
gradually from the shocks of 1932-33. The deficiency of the 
workers was partially compensated by more efficient work, par- 
tially by an increase in the number of people working in the col- 
lectives, at the exponse of individual farms. 

With a curse in his heart and bitterness in his soul—against 
the regime and against its collective farm system—the Ukrainian 
peasant had to admit defeat, and went to join the collective 
farm. 

Thus ended one of the stages of the war of communist Mos- 
cow against Ukraine, 


118 


CHAPTER Ш. 


CONSEQUENCES OF THE FAMINE 


Changes in number of population as result of the famine. Dis- 
continued or improper vital sti in the villages. Estimate 
deduced from examples in 








fans in the USSR as a result of the famine. Evaluation of this 
fact by Dr. Frank Lorimer. The famine mirrored in Ukrai- 
nian folklore of the period. 


It is well known that the register of documents and materials 
classified as secret since the 1920-s is ever increasing, and that 
today all data pertaining to economic, cultural, political and so- 
cial life are so classified. Vital statistics, such as births and 
deaths, are kept secret with particular care. 

It is not difficult to accept a priori that compulsory col- 
lectivization of farms, the famine which was artificially created, 
and in general the entire complex of events connected with the 
period of Five-Year-Plans had a catastrophic influence on pop- 
ulation movements in the USSR as a whole. This supposition 
finds support in Soviet sources. 

According to the second Five-Year-Plan, the anticipated 
increase of population of the USSR was to be from 165.7 million 
on January 1, 1933 to 180.7 million on January 1, 1938. Or a 
mean figure of 3 million people per annum. * 

If another anticipated annual figure of increase is added for 
1938 of 3 million, then the total population of the USSR at the 
beginning of 1939 should have been 183.7 million, but in reality, 
according to the census of January 17, 1939, the number was 
only 170.5 million.” 


"RENE Рун plan rorvitiya marodnogo khon 
cow, 1934, V. I. 


Н ае аа араў planovoy komissii soyuza ob itogakh 
vsesoyuznoy perepisi naseleniya SSSR.” “Izvestiya” June 2, 1939. 





119 


"Therefore the total population deficiency of the USSR as 
of January 17, 1939, compared to anticipated figures of the sec- 
ond Five-Year-Plan, has to be estimated at 13.2 million people, 
caused by a reduced number of births and increased number of 
deaths. 

Different authors have come up with different estimates of 
the number of deaths caused by the famine of 1932-1933. It 
is to be remembered, however, that they are only rough esti- 
mates. "No one will probably ever know the exact toll of death, 
because the Soviet Government preserved the strictest secrecy 
about the whole question, officially denied that there was any 
famine, and rebuffed all attempts to organize relief abroad."^ 
The total number of deaths caused by famine is estimated by 
W. H. Chamberlin at 5 to 6 million. * 

Another foreign observer writes: "To arrive at exact fi- 
gures is, of course, impossible; this can be done only in the fu- 
ture after careful investigations have been made locally. But it 
is possible to make an estimate of the losses. In principle, it 
may be said, from the point of view of the relief work for the 
benefit of those threatened with starvation in Russia, it does 
not matter whether the number of dead is 5, 6, 8 or 10 millions: 
itis enough to show that figure runs into millions." * 

According to an analysis by Professor S. N. Prokopovich, 
close to 9 million people died of famine in the USSR* 

We are concerned, in this work, about the number who died 
of starvation up to January 1, 1939 in the Ukranian SSR. Huge 
losses of population in Ukraine as a result of the 1932-33 famine 
surprised even Moscow. In our estimation that is the main 
reason why the Soviet government annulled the census of the 
USSR for 1937. As has been indicated in preceding chapters, 
the census was not voided because it disclosed a large deficiency 
of population, chiefly in Ukraine, but for the ostensible reason 
that "class enernies" had penetrated the ranks of the census 
takers, and had conducted the census in a “wrecking” manner. 

We feel that it would not be an easy task even for those in 
authority to arrive at an approximately accurate figure of the 


> W. H. Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Age, p. 88. 

+ Ibid. 

* Human Life in Russia, р. 96. 

* 5, №. Prokopovich, Narodnoe Khorlaysive SSSR, New York 1952. Vol. 
hp 


120 


number of dead through famine, since vital statistics were, in 
many localities, conducted in a haphazard manner, and in some 
instances discontinued entirely. Even well organized and fault- 
lessly conducted vital statistics, watched over by the NKVD, 
could not manage to include the magnitude of the number of 
deaths, a large proportion of which occurred outside of the vil- 
lage limits: on highways, in forests, at railroad stations, on 
trains, on city streets or within the boundaries of other Soviet 
Republics. 

A number of village councils made attempts, in 1934, to 
add up the toll of the famine in their own villages. This kind 
of operation would not give a true picture, however, because 
they would usually include among the dead, all those who were 
absent from the village at the time the count was taken. But 
in reality, not all those who left the villages in 1932-1933 and 
never returned, even after the famine had ended, had necessar- 
ily died. 

Some managed to survive by getting jobs in industry, on 
government farms (radhosps), or in soviet institutions." 

As has been pointed out in previous chapters, the famine 
had been organized throughout the Ukrainian ethnographic ter- 
ritories, but its course did not have a uniform intensity, as can 
be seen from the following table: 

Cons. No. Village Region District Population чо 


before dead by dead by 
famine famine famine 


Rudovka = Melo-Devicky Chernihiv — 6,700 1700 104 
Zitniki 





1 

2. Preshetilov Poltava 4:600 1200 260 
3. Zarich Orazenetz Poltava 3500 500 143 
4 Ivankiv ^ Borispol Kiev &000 2000 25.0 
5. Pashkivske Sever Krasnnodar 7,000 3500 500 
€. Veprik Hadiach ‘Sumy 250 25 100 

Dnipro- 

LF Sivash Sivash petrovsk 5,000 1500 30.0 
8. Sofiyivka — Novo-Mirhor Odessa 4000 800 200 
9. Uspenivka — Khmeliv Mikolaev 2,000 800 400 
10. Dmitrovka Petrovsk Kharkiv 330 60 121 
n Snizkivka — Balkiv Kharkiv 05 63 148 
12. Kislek Havsin Vinnitza 6,000 1800 300 


W. H. Chamberlin remarked that "every village I visited 
reported a death rate of not less than ten per cent. This was 


”) The author was personally acquainted with some people, who ipe 
the famine in the fall of 1932, by obtaining jobs in the cities as night 
watchmen, furnacemen, etc. (with institutions, schools, apartment houses). 


121 


not an irresponsible individual estimate, but the figure given 
out by the local Soviets.” 

"The death rate within the different villages was subject to 
great variations. In Kuban, the head of the village council of 
Kazansuy Stanitsa, Nemov, told Mr. W. H. Chamberlin that of 
“7000 to 8000 people, about 850 died and another 150 were de- 
ported because they sabotaged the government's program of 
the grain collection." * 

The death rate in the figures here cited equals about 12 рег 
cent. And in the village of Sherkasy near Bila Tserkva in 
Ukraine, 600 died of hunger out of 2,000, or 30 per cent. The 
secretary of the village council, who gave Mr. Chamberlin this 
information emphasized that "hundreds of others had fled." 

М. Z., an artist-painter says: “In October 1933, the Peoples’ 
Commissariat of Education of the Ukrainian SSR commission- 
ed me to work out a project for a memorial museum to be erect- 
ed at the grave of Taras Shevchenko in Kaniw. On the right 
bank of the Dnieper, about 6 kilometres from Shevchenko's 
grave, the large village of Pekary stretches out, numbering 
about 2,500 houses. There were two churches in this village. 
When I, trying to get acquainted with the place, visited it one 
evening, I managed to count only 16 houses with lights in them, 
where people were still living. The rest stood empty, like a 
huge cemetery, cold dark, and silent. All life had ceased there. 
I encountered the same picture in the village of Prokhoriwka, 
the former home of the first Rector of Kiev University, Profes- 
sor Maksymovich. There, 85 per cent of the peasants had 
either died or gone away." 

In Southern Ukraine, in villages that had been established 
under the Stolypin reforms following the revolution of 1905, 
according to testimony by K. T., an agronomist, three-fourths 
of the population had died in the villages of: Ahaymany, Siro- 
hoza, Ivaniwka, Shopiwka, Nova-Troitske, Sofiyiwka, Chap- 
lynka, Oleksiewka, Hromiwka. On the other hand, there were 
villages in different sections of Ukraine where the percentage of 
deaths by famine was quite insignificant. In Cornostayni, Chor- 
nobil region, near Kiev, only a few individuals perished out of 





9 W. H. Chamberlin, The Ukraine, a Submerged Nation, New York, 1944, 
. 60. 


P. 
*) W. H. Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Age, p. 85. 
"ыа, 


122 


its 3,500 villages whose inhabitants were wiped out completely. 
For example: Sukachi, Ivankiv region, Kiev district; Ovsiuky 
and Rudky, Orzenets region, Poltava district; Bashtany and 
Slobidka, Khmiliw region, Mykolayiw district; Berzulovo, 
Idessa district, Chernetchina, Nekhvoroshchan region, Dnipro- 
petrovsk district; Hysin Manor, Hysin region, Vynnytsya dist- 
rict, and many, many others. The greatest number of villages 
to disappear was around Katerynoslav and in Kuban. 


Black banners, hoisted above some houses, were a sign that 
there was nobody left in a village." 

The authorities responsible for organizing the famine, as 
has been pointed out before, considered the starving and dying 
peasants of Ukraine to be “idlers” who would not work on col- 
lective farms, “anti-social and anti-government elements" who 
refused to join the collectives; “kurkuls and semi-kurkuls” who 
were sabotaging the efforts of the government. This treatment 
of the peasants on the part of the authorities indicates that no 
distinction was made between members of collective farms and 
individual farmers: both were considered "class enemies". The 
former because of their poor work on collective farms, the lat- 
ter because they would not join the collective farms! 

The above is borne out by an analysis of the status of those 
who died of starvation in the village of Budionowka, Vilshan 
region, Kharkiw district. Two natives of this village who sur- 
vived the famine, and are at present living abroad, have compiled 
a register of people who died because of famine in this village in 
1932-33. Tse register contains only the names of persons, mem- 
bers of 49 families, constituting about one third of the village 
at the end of 1932. The register lists the property status of 
those contained therein on the eve of the 1917 revolution, and 
their social status at the end of 1932. The following table is 
taken from this register: ") 





*) In this connection, there was a noteworthy incident in Ukraine towards 
the end of 1941, during the Second World war: the German Army could 
mot find a trace of the village of Rakitne, Kremenchuh region, Poltava, 
although they saw it plainly on their maps. People from the neihboring 
countryside explained to the Germans that the village had ceased to exist 
during the 1932-1933 famine. 

**) Dmytro Solovey,, Golgotha of Ukraine, New York, 1953, pp. 41-43. 


123 


Property status before the This includes 








Revolution 
groups of | Number of dead Social Status of those dead 
dead i from starvation 
% | members of individual ; expelled 
collective | members | from 
| collective 
33. 24 7 — 
57.8 33 2 — 
х = 6x) 2xx) 
у 2 
100 61.9 359 22 








As can be seen from the above, peasants who were dying 
of starvation in 1932-1933 had been poor middle class farmers 
before the revolution. The percentage of the formerly wealthy 
among them is quite small—8.7. On the other hand, the rela- 
tion between the dead members of collective farms (61.9 per 
cent) and individual farmers (35.9 per cent) corresponds with 
the level of collectivization of farms in Ukraine during that 
period, 13. The above data substantiate the thesis that the 
famine was directed against the peasant class as a whole. 

There is room for conjecture that during the famine the 
chances of survival were relatively better for the peasants who 
were individual farmers, than for those who had joined the col- 
lective farms. The individuals had more opportunity to move 
around freely. They picked turtles and frogs, caught fish (those 
who lived along rivers), hunted ravens and crows with sticks 
and rocks, gathered the eggs of wildfowl in remote places, went 
bartering to towns and cities, and so on. The members of col- 
lectives, in the meantime, had to work from dawn to dusk for 
100 grammes of a bread substitute and a bowl of nondescript 
liquid made of nettles and weeds, and going under the name of 
soup. Their families obtained nothing, and that was true of the 
workers’ own children, too. So the working parents would share 








operty was auctioned for failure to comply with grain collec- 


tion quotas. 
xx) Expelled from the collective farm, and thelr property auctioned. 





™) The plan for Ukraine called for the collectivization in 1931 of 80 per 
cent of farms in the steppe: 50 per cent in woodland stepps. See: 
УКР (b) rezolutsiyakh, reshenyakh sezdov, konferentsii y plenumov (1898- 
1332), part IT, Moscow, 1933, p. 678. 





124 


their scant rations with their children, and then both parents 
and children would starve and die. All observations indicate 
that a proportionately greater number of men died, than women. 
Some biological factors obviously underline this phenomenon. 
This might probably explain the increase in the proportion of 
women over men who, according to the census of January 1, 
1939 ounnumbered the men 7,137,000 in the entire USSR." 

A careful analysis of material dealing wita peasants who 
died of starvation, indicates that a proportionately higher per- 
centage were from among those who, prior to tne revolution 
had been poor, or landless. An illustrative example from the 
village of Medvin, near Kiev: the family of Ilko Savich Zamriy 
and his wife Ulita Mikhailovna. They had 9 daughters, and the 
tenth child was a son, Trokhim. Zamriy belonged to the poor 
pasantry before the revolution. During the famine the entire 
family died, (with the exception of the two eldest daughters, 
Ulita and Hanaska, who disappeared and were probably shot,) 
after human flesh was found cooked in their house and in the cel- 
lar the pickled meat of an old woman, Smilichka. In the Plaksun 
family, all of whom were shoemakers, the families of the broth- 
ers Semen, Kost, Zachar and Mikita all died. The family of 
Timofy Stupka, who had been to the United States and return- 
ed in 1922, all died. The following families also died: Stepan 
and Omelko Dubyn, Mytay Yavtukh (a good blacksmith and 
mechanic), the Sobkos, Polovianys, Barsuks, Markelikos, Rad- 
zikhovskys, Khamlenkos, Sukhonos, Shabaturenkos. Only a 
very few individuals, mostly women, survived. This shows 
that for the most part death reaped its greatest toll among the 
poorer peasants, the village communist proletariat, the uned- 
ucated, those who stood apart frorn the social and political life 
of the villages, and had no ties with towns or industrial centers, 
whence some villagersreceived aid during the acute stages of 
starvation. 

It must be emphasized however, that activ eparticipation 
in the political life of the community did not always provide a 
guarantee against death by starvation. The recorded number 
of deaths of “‘activiatists” is not so small, usually occurring after 


59 According to the census of December 17, 1926 the USSR had 4941000 
more women than men. See: gosudarstvennoy planovoy 
Komissit Soyuza SSR ob itogakh recs im perepisi naseleniya SSSR.” 

Tavestiya, June 2, 1939. 


125 


their rations had been stopped following the conclusion of the 
grain collection campaign early in 1933. In some villages, as 
for example the village of Huhymowka, Lebedin region, Sumy 
district, or in Zelenky, Moroniw region, Kiev district, they (the 
activists) did not all die. In the last-named village Ovram Bez- 
shtany survived, a cannibal. In other villages, such as Vere- 
miyiwka, Krasilov region, Podillya district, all the activists died. 

According to witnesses, in the village of Stepaniwka, near 
Vynnytsya, the activist Denys Andrusyak was a determined 
"bread-searcher"," He grew famous through his ability to find 
grain which had been concealed at the bottom of a river. In the 
spring of 1933 he was taken to hospital but conditions were so 
bad that he left, and on the way home stumbled into a ditch and 
died there. 

The question of how many people died of famine in the 
Ukrainian SSR in 1932 and 1933 cannot be answered with any 
accuracy, if at all. 

According to estirnates of the then United States Ambassa- 
dor to Moscow, William C. Bullitt, between 3 and 5 million 
people died of hunger in the Ukrainian SSR.” 

W. H. Chamberlin believes that the number of dead as a 





'*) The sobriquet “bread-searchers” was applied to those peasants who as 

members of grain collection brigades, took grain away from thelr own folk. 

19 This information was cited by Congressman J. E. Rankin in his speech 

of March 11, 1952 in connection with the investigation of the Katyn mas- 

sacre. Rep. Rankin further proceeded to quote from the record of his 
examination of Mr. Bullitt before the Un-American Activities Committee 

а few years before: 

Mr. Rankin. The people in the Ukraine are among the best people in 
Europe? 

Mr. Bullitt, That is right. 

Mr. Rankin. Yet, they went in there and took everything they made and 
starved, you say five or six million of them to death? 

Mr. Bullitt. Three to five million. 

Mr. Rankin. Men, women and children starved to death eating in their 
frantic misery the bodies of their own children, of their 
own families: that is correct is it not? 

Mr. Bullitt. I am extremely sorry to say that T actually have two photo- 
graphs which were taken of a mother and the skeleton of 
the child they had eaten, in the Ukraine. 

Mr. Rankin. Yes; that is what I am trying to bring out. 

Mr. Bullitt. I nn have the two photographs. There is nothing more hor- 
rible. 














Congressional Record, Vol. 98-par.2 
р. 2110. Washington, D.C. 1952. 


126 


result of the famine in Ukraine "can scarcely have been less than 
three or four million." 

Our estimate must be considered as one of the first attempts 
to give, if not a perfect, then at least a credible answer to this 
extremely important question. 

Several factors must obviously be involved to bring about 
the change occasioned by natural causes, such as births and 
deaths. А further factor is migration, emigration, or departure 
of people from Ukraine to points beyond the borders, and im- 
migration, or arrival of people into Ukraine. We presume these 
to have been more or less even. Thus, the remaining factor 
responsible for the change is the natural one. 

The average population increase of the Ukrainian SSR for 
the year 1924 to 1927 incl. was 2.36 per cent. 

This percentage figure is our point of departure in the es- 
timates below. Аз of Decernber 17, 1926 (census figures) Uk- 
raine had a population of 29,042,934 people. '* 

Taking the natural population increase to be 2.36 per cent, 
and proceeding according to a compounding formula, Ukraine 
should have had 38,426,000 people on January 1, 1939. In reality, 
the figure was only 30, 960,221, for all Ukraine as of January 
17, 1939, in accordance with the census taken that дау." 

"The conclusion is, therefore, that there was a population 
deficiency in Ukraine of 7,465,000 people as a result of the fam- 
ine of 1932-1933. This does not mean, however, that all the 7.5 
million perished in the famine of 1932-1933. The loss figure of 
7.5 million consists of those who actually died of famine in 1932- 
1933, as well as of a decrease in the birth-rate of the population 
that was left. 

Considering that in 1933 and 1934 there was no increase in 
population at all,” and from 1935 to 1938 the percentage of 
. Chamberlin, Russia's Iron Age, p. 


Мну statystychno-ekonomichnykh vidomostey pro silske hospodar- 
stvo Ukrayiny, Kharkiw, 1929. 

1) "Soobschchenie . . . Isvestia, June 2, 1939. 

+) In the village of Cherkasy, which had a population of 2,074 before the 
famine, during the period from September 1932 to September 1933 "there 
had been one marriage ... six children had been born, and of these one 
had survived. ‘It is better not to bear children than to have them die of 
hunger, said the women in the office of the soviet. ‘No,' argued a boy, 
‘if no children are born, who can till the land?" See: Chamberlin, Russia's 
Iron Age, p. 369. 








127 


natural increase was lower and hardly equalled 1.5 per cent due 
to the lowered standard of living, proceeding according to the 
compounding formula, and taking as a basis this time the figures 
of the 1939 census, estimate the number of population at the 
end of 1939, i.e. when the famine was over. The figure gath- 
ered from this procedure is 29,169,000 people. 

In spite of the bolsheviks' denial of the existence of famine 
in Ukraine, two official sources contain populatica figures 25 
of January 1, 1933. The figures prove the fact of loss by famine 
of a large number of the population, and at the same time give 
us an opportunity to determine how many people perished in 
1932, and how many in 1933. 

The first source puts the population of Ukraine at 32,548,000 
as of January 1, 1932." 

The second source fixes the population of the Ukrainian 
SSR for January 1, 1933 at 31,902,000 people. = 

The two figures, when carefully analyzed, permit the con- 
clusion that by the end of 1932 Ukraine had lost 1,504,600 peo- 
ple by famine (the difference between the data given for Jan. 1, 
1932 and Jan. 1, 1933 is 646,000, and the normal population in- 
crease 858,000, or a total of 1,504,600), plus a loss of 3,317,- 
000 in the first half of 1933. The latter figure is arrived at by 
adding to the given figure for Jan. 1, 1933 the normal expected 
increase of population. Thus on January 1, 1934, the popula- 
tion should have been 32,486,000, but it was actually only 29,- 
169,000 at the beginning of 1932. The difference then is 32,486,- 
000 less 29,169,000 or 3,317,00 who died because of famine in 
1933. 

The conclusion therefere,at which w ehave arrived by an 
analysis of official sources is this: of a total population deficiency 
figure of 7.5 million, 4.8 million died because of famine (1.5 mil- 
lion in 1932 and 3.3 million in 1933) and 2.7 million is the de- 
ficiency caused by a diminished birth rate following the famine. 
In relation to the entire rural population of Ukraine, reported 


An eyewitness reports that the village of Domaniwka had a population of 
3.500 before collectivizatlon. During the famine of 1933 only one child 
was born, a boy, to activist Dmytro Demianenko. 


? M. Grin, A. Kaufman, Ekonomicheskaya geographiya SSSR po oblas- 
tyam i respubli Тед. Moscow 1933, p. 287. 
=) SSSR “Sirana Sotsializma,” Moscow, 1936, p. 169 








128 


to be 24,743,000 people as of " January 1, 1933, the loss by 
famine amounts to 19.4 рег cent.” 

The catastrophe of 1932-33, which was primarily directed 
against the Ukrainians, caused a sharp decline in their numbet 
in proportion to the population of the USSR, as shown in the 
following table: (in millions of people). " 

1926 Weighted 1 


Net figure proportion Net 
d po- 
t 





Weighted % of 








Tota 
USSR 147.0 100.0 170.5 100.0 115.9 
out of 
above 
Russians 7.5 529 99.0 59.4 272 
Ukrainians 31.2 212 28.1 16.6 -10.0 
Kazakhs 4.0 27 за 10 -22.5 


If the number of Ukrainians had been increasing at the 
same rate as that of the population of the USSR as a whole dur- 
ing the period from December 17, 1926 to January 1, 1939, i. e. 
at the rate of 15.9 per cent, then there should have been 36.2 
million Ukrainians on January 17, 1939. But in point of fact 
there were only 28.1 million. During the 12 years from 1926 to 
1939 the number of Ukrainians in the USSR declined by 3 mil- 
lion or 10 per cent. 

A population deficiency of 8.1 million Ukrainians in the 
USSR caused by famine and lowered birth-rate is the basic price 
of the famine. 

The number of Russians increased during the same period 
by 27.2 per cent, while the mean average increase for the entire 
USSR was 15.9 per cent. The increase for the entire USSR 
was 15.9 per cent. The increase in the Russian population took 
вы. = 1 
Stalin made a noteworthy statement in 1933: fe have ет 
achieved a betterment of material conditions of the workers and peasants 


from year to year. Only sworn enemies of the Soviet government can 
doubt this.” J. Stalin, Voprosy Leninizma, 11th ed. Moscow, 1947, p. 388. 


=) Frank Lorimer, The Population of the Soviet Union, History and Pros- 
pects, Geneva, 1946, p. 138. It is the best published work in English about 
the population of the Soviet Union. 





129 


place simultaneously with a proportionate decrease in the num- 
ber of other nationalities. ™ 

From the viewpoint of Dr. Lorimer, "in most cases how- 
ever, the decline is probably not demographic at all, but simply 
indicates the cultural identification of such persons with one of 
the major Soviet nationalities."" That is, the population grav- 
itates towards assimilation with the larger nationalities. Rus- 
sians are also a nationality of the USSR. Dr. Lorimer main- 
tains, that “the decrease in the number of persons reported as 
Ukrainians was probably due, in the main, to increasing identi- 
fication with the Russians; especially in the case of Ukrainians 
living in the RSFSR 

Dr. Lorimer does not deny the famine of 1932-1933, and 
its negative influence on the population growth of Ukraine. But 
when he tries to explain the decrease of Ukrainians in the USSR 
in the 1939 census compared to 1926, he does not accentuate the 
famine, only the process of assimilation of Ukrainians with the 
Russians, 











If we agree, for the sake of argument, that Dr. Lorimer is 
correct in his assumption that the decrease in the number of 
Ukrainians in the USSR between 1926 and 1939 was due to their 
assimilation by the Russians, then it is necessary to explain 
which ethnic groups were being assimilated by the Americans, 
whose number during that period increased by 37.7 per cent, or 
the Azerbeydzhanians, who increased by 33.3 per cent. Besides 
an increase in the number of Armenians, Azerbeydzanians and 
Russians, the following groups of nationalities increased also: 
Tadzhiks (25.3 per cent), Tatars (23.7 per cent), Georgians (23.5 
per cent), Uzbeks (23.5 per cent) and Chuvash (22.4 per cent). 

Accepting Dr. Lorimer's concept, we would have to concede 


?*) As stated above, the number of Ukrainians and Kazakhs declined in net 
figures: the former by 3.1 million, the latter by 0.9 million. 


y meine The Population of the Soviet Union: History and Prospects, 
р. 137. 


%) Ibid. p. 139. 

=) In our opinion, material published in the USSR on the subject of the 
1939 census 15 too scant to permit conclusions regarding processes of as- 
similation. 

* Dr. F. Lorimer, The Population of the Soviet Union: History and 
Prospects, p. 138. During the 1939 census, of 14 nationalities of over 
1 million besides those enumerated above, the Germans increased by 14.2 
per cent, Jews 13 per cent, Byelo-Russians 11.2 per cent, Mordvins 6.3 per 
cent, Ukrainians declined 10 per cent and Kazakhs 21.9 per cent. 


130 


that besides the 28.1 million Ukrainians, who reported as such 
during the 1939 census, there was some part of them, assimilated 
to such a degree that they knowingly regarded themselves as 
Russians. What is the basis for this statement? The 1939 
census, included, as is well known, the question of nationality, 
i. e. stress was laid on the ethnic origin of a person. А Ukrainian, 
who considered himself such in 1926, could not very well have 
himself included among the Russians in 1939, forgetting his 
ethnic origin and nationality, even if he did report Russian to be 
his native tongue." 

The 1926 census proves that this assumption in correct. 
The question of nationality (i. e. ethnic origin) was answered by 
31.2 millions as "Ukrainian," although 4,024, or 12.9 per cent 
considered Russian to be their native tongue.” If the census 
of January 1, 1933 had contained the question regarding the 
native tongue as well as the question of nationality, then it is 
almost certain that some of the 28.1 Ukrainians would have 
reported Russian as their native tongue, but despite that would 
remain Ukrainians. ® 

On changes that took place in the Kazakh population, Dr. 
Lorimer reports: "..there was an absolute decrease of about 
869,000 persons in the number reported as Kazakhs between 
1926 and 1939, whereas at the average rate of increase of the 
whole Soviet population (15.9 per cent) we would have expected 
an absolute increase of 631.000 persons. The sum of these 
figures gives a deficit of exactly 1.5 million below the expected 
number in 1939. We must also take into consideration the fact 
that there was a terrific depletion of livestock in this region. 
more serious than in any other part of the Soviet Union, 
between 1928 and 1934 with a loss of 73 per cent of the cattle, 
87 per cent of the sheep and goats, and 88 per cent of the horses. 
This occurred during the period of collectivization and the 


> The 1926 census reported 308,636 non-Ukralnians in Ukraine who 
considered Ukrainian their native tongue. See A. Khomenko, Natsionalny 
sklad ludnosty Ukr. SSR (perepys 1826), p. 85. 


5 E Lorimer, The Population of the Soviet Union: History and Prospects, 
p. 55. 


? There is sufficient basis for supposing that the net and relative number 
ot Ukrainians who would have reported Russian as their native tongue in 
1939 (had the question been presented) would bave been smaller than in 
1926: the years of Ukrainization could not have remained without influence 
in this direction. 


131 


settlement of nomads, which were vigorously opposed by tribal 
chiefs and many of their followers. It is impossible to escape 
the conclusion that there must have been heavy losses in this 
region due to the exceptionally high death rate.”™ These re- 
marks regarding the Kazakhs are even more applicable to 
Ukraine, therefore we have to look for the reason for the de- 
crease in the number of Ukrainians between 1926 and 1929, 
not to the processes of assimilation of Ukrainians, but to the 
famine of 1932-33. 

The post-famine years in Ukraine were characterized by a 
marked lowering of the standard of living, and a hard life in 
general, especially in the rural areas. Discase was on the in- 
crease, particularly psychic and gastric. A decline in the birth- 
rate stood in direct relation to the famine, together with an in- 
creased infant mortality rate, and the general infirmity of those 
who survived. 

A simultaneous consequence of the famine was a sharp 
increase in the number of uncared-for children. with the inevi- 
table result of beggary, thievery and robbery. 

All the post-famine phenomena in the realm of the spi- 
ritual and material culture of the Ukrainian nation require 
special study and research, not within the scope of the present 
work. 

Decades and centuries will pass, generation will follow 
generation, gradually people will forget the hungry years of 
1932 and 1933, and only proverbs and sayings, born in Ukraine 
during the famine, will remain as a reminder of these times. 
A sample of these sayings will give an idea of what the folklore 
of these times offers: "When Lenin was dying, he ordered 
Stalin: Don't give people bread, and don't show them bacon." 
“No bread, no lard; Soviet rule has taken all.” Another variation 
of the same: “No bread, no salt, no cow, no hog — a picture of 
Stalin on the wall.” “Hammer and sickle over the collective 
farm — inside hunger and death.” Another variation of the 





Lorimer, The Population of the Soviet Union: History and Prospects, 
р. 140. 





132 


same saying: "Hammer and sickle bring death and hunger." 
""Those who reap rye on collective farms, have to go begging 
bread for themselves." “They work in the "kolhosp" and go 
hungry." “God punishes by cold, Stalin destroys by famine." 





* Моге details. on Changes in Ukrainian’ folklore under’ Soviet rule, 


contained: in ari article under the same title, by this author were published 
Ukrayinoznavstva, Munich—New York, 1849. VoL 1. 
PP. Er 320. 


133 


MATERIAL AND SOURCES UTILIZED 
IN THIS WORK 


First-hand material gathered by the author in Germany 1945-1949, from 
displaced persons who had lived through the famine. 

ХУП Konferentsiya Vrezoyusnoi Kemmunisticheskel Partii (bl Steno- 
graficheskii otchot (Verbatim Report of the Seventeenth Conference of the 
C. P. S. U. (b), Moscow, 1932. 

A. Y. Vyshinsky, Revolutsionnaya Zakonnost na Sovremennom Etape, 
Moscow, 1933. 

Dr. Ewald Ammende, Human Life in Russia, London, 1934. 

Osnovnye derectivy partii i pravitelsiva po khoziaysivennomu itroitel- 
stvu 1931-1934 gg. 2 izdanye, Moscow, 1934. 

Juriy Horlis-Horsky Sphodhady. Lviv, 1935. 

Natsionelnyi sostav proletariata SSSA, Moscow, 1934. 

M. Khvylovy, "Apolohety pysaryzmu,” Visti VUTSVK, Kharkiw, 1926. 

A. Khvyla Vid ukhylu v prirvu, Kharkiw, 1926. 

M. Khvylovy, "Apolohety pysaryzmu," Visti VUTSVK, Kharkiw, 1926. 


D. Solovey Stezkamy na Holhotu, Detroit, 1952. 

УКР (b) rezolutsiakh y ryeshenyakh s'erdov, konferenisii y plenumov 
11898-1932) chast IL, 1924-1933 в. Moscow, 1933. 

Borba partii bolshevikov za kollektivizatsiyu selskoho khoziaysiva v gody 
pervoy stalinskoy piatiletky, Moscow, 1951. 

XVII S'rezd Vsesoyuznoy kommunisticheskoy partii (bl, stenograficheskil 
otchot, Moscow, 1834. 

M. Khvylovy, Като hryadeshy, Kharkiw, 1925. 


М. Volobuyev, "Do Problemy Ukrainskoyi Ekonomiky,” contained in 
Bilshovyk Ukrayiny, Nos. 2, 3, 1928. 

T.S.LK, “Stenogrficheskyy othot 3-go sosiva, 2 sessiye.”—Moscow, 1826. 
J. Stalin, Voprosy Leninizma (Questions of Leninism), 2nd ed, 1947. 

Prot. S. M. Prokopovich Narodne Khoslaysivo SSSR vol I New York, 
Perodical Chervony Shlakh (Red Path) issues 8-9 for 1933. 

S. Nykolyshyn, Kulturna Polityka bilshovykiv | Ukrainsky kulturny 
protses,” 1947, 

S. Pidhayny, Ukrainska inteligentsia па Solovkakh 1948. 

‘The Fortnightly Review, London, May 1933. 

Bolshaya Sovyetskaya Entsyklopediya v. 17, Moscow, 1930. 

© goledye, sbornik statey pod redakisiyey, Prof. К. M. Georgievikavo, 
Dr-a V. M. Konana i Prof. A. V. Paladina Kharkov, 1922. 

Herasymovich Holod na Ukrayinl, Berlin, 1921 
H. H. Fisher, The Famine in Soviet Russia 1919-1929 New York, 1927. 
Неф borby s gelodom v 1921 g.. Shornik Statey i otcbotov, Moscow, 1922. 
1922 

Oktisbrskaya revolutsiya, Pervoye pyatiletiye Kharkov, 1922 























134 


Bolshaya Sovyetskaya Entsiklopediya v. 2, 2nd ed. 
Calvin B. Hoover, The Economic Life of Soviet Russia, New York, 1931 
Н. Russia's Iron Age, Boston, 1934. 

Narodne Hospodarsivo v URSSR, Kiev, 1935 
‘USSR v talfrakh, Ki 
Zbirnyk statystychn: 
styo Ukrayiny, Kharki 
S8SR—Sirana sotsiyalizma, Moscow, 1936 
W. H. Chamberlin, Ukraine, a Submerged Nation, New York, 1944 
Arthur Koestler The Yogi and the Commissar, New York, 1936 
Obchestvennoye pylannye SSSR v 1933 g. Itogi perepisi, Moscow 1934 
D. Solovey, The Golgotha of Ukraine, New York, 1953 
M. Verbitsky, Naybilshy slochyn Kremla, London, 1952 
S. Bakunin D. Myshustin Vneshnaya torgovia 5558 za 20 lyet, 1918- 
1937, Moscow, 1939 
Vneyeshnaya torgovla SSSR k XVII s'yezdu party, sbornik statey i mate- 
ryalov, pod redaktsiyey Y. D. Yansona, Moscow, 1934 
Periodical Sotstlisticheski Vyestnik, 1933 
SSSR v tsifrakh, Moscow, 1935 
D. Solovey, Holhota Ukrayiny, Winnipeg, 1953 
Vioroy pi niy plan razvitiya narodnoho khosiaystva SSSR v. I, 
Moscow, 1934 
Congressional Record, Vol. 98, part 2, Washington, 1952 
M. Grin, A. Kaufman, Ekonomicheskaya geografiya SSSR po oblastyam. 
krayam i respublikam I ed. Moscow, 1933 
Dr. Frank Lorimer, The Population of the Soviet Union, History and 
Prospects, Geneva, 1946 

homenko, Natsionalny sklad ludnosty USSR (perepys 17 hrudnia 


inu), Kharkiw, 1931 
Entslklopedia Ukayinosnavstva v. I, Munich—New York, 1949 


























135 


IVAN DUBYNETS 


THE GREAT FAMINE 
IN UKRAINE IN 1932-1933 





IVAN DUBYNETS 
* March 30, 1903. — t January 30, 1954. 


IVAN DUBYNETS 


A Memorial 


Ivan Dubynets was born on March 30, 1903 in 
the Ukrainian village of Medvyn, in the province 
of Kiev. His porents were poor peasants struggl- 
ing to make ends meet while providing for their 
eleven children. How well they did this may be 
seen from the fact that all seven Ivan's brothers 
and sisters received a high-school education. 
At the age of seven Ivan Dubynets entered 
school in Eis native village remaining there until 
1918. From 1918-21 he was a student of the 
gymnasia in Bohuslav. For the next five 
years he was a teacher in Medvyn. In 1926 Du- 
bynets enrolled т Kiev University and in 1930 
he graduated in geology. He soon made a name 
for himself as a brilliant geologist. His articles 
on the graphite deposits in Ukraine established 
him as an authority in this field. and in 1937 he 
read a paper at the International Geological 
Congress which was held in Moscow. 

During the Second World War Dubynets 
remained in Kiev and later made his way to the 
west along with hundreds of thousands of his 
countrvmen. After 1949 he lived in New York 
where he devoted all his spare time to the prepa- 
ration of the present volume. The materials and 
documents collected by him form the basis of 
the White Book. Ivan Dubynets. however, did 
not live to see it in print. On January 30. 1954, 
he met a tragic end when. through an accident, 
he was overcome by gas fumes in his room. 


CHAPTER I 


THE VILLAGE "ACTIVE" AND THE "THOUSANDERS" 


In order to speed up collectivization and particularly the 
de-kurkulization of the more prosperous and better 
farmers, and to create a material and technical base for the 
ensuing collective farms, the Soviet government set up a so- 
called grain collecting plan. This represented severe economic 
pressure, as well as a moral and physical blow to the rural po- 
pulation. 

To enforce these plans, which the Soviet government con- 
sidered politically essential, was more than the local village 
governments could do, and so the Communists did not depend on 
them. Special "centres" were created in the villages which 
blindly, and without the least hesitation, carried out all the in- 
structions of the Soviet government and the Communist Party. 

For this purpose the so-called committees for the assistance 
of rain collecting" were also formed. These comprised some 
local Communists and poor farmers but chiefly criminals and the 
morally unfit, who eagerly robbed what was not their own. The 
villagers called these committees actives, brigades of 
activists, and later "brigades of the Red broom," which 
swept the villages clean of all grain and farm produce. 

Still, the government could not wholly depend on these 
actives. It decided to employ more trusted men and so it 
mobilized factory workers and other city Communists and sent 
them to the villages. At first there were ten thousand of these, 
but later the number grew to 25 thousand and subsequently 
to many more. The villagers called them thousanders. 
They took charge of the work heretofore carried out by the 
village actives and eventually took over the local village 
governments and the newly-formed collective farms. 


143 


ORIGIN OF THE GRAIN —COLLECTING "ACTIVES" 
RESOLUTION OF THE CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF 


144 


THE COMMUNIST PARTY OF JULY 29, 1929. 


1. The main undertaking of the new grain col- 
lecting campaign is, in contrast to those of former 
years, to complete the year's grain collecting by 
January 1 in all the new districts and by February 1 
in all the others. 

2. The kurkul population will raise as much 
opposition as in the past. In order to forestall this 
opposition it is necessary from the very beginning to 
take advantage of the experience of the poor and 
middle farmers' organizations acquired in past grain 
collecting campaigns. This experience will be useful 
in enabling the new campaign to run smoothly from 
the start. 

3. To put the grain collecting plan up for discus- 
sion at general farmers' meetings. 

5. The Central Committee considers it imperative 
to have the support of the public organizations. So 
that these organizations are constantly at the service 
of the grain collecting enterprise “committees for the 
assistance of grain collecting" will he created within 
the village governments. These committees will be 
appointed at the poor and middle farmers' meetings. 

7. The Komsomols must expand their activities. 
Their organizations must draw the youth into the 
service of the “committees for the assistance of grain 
collecting" and utilize the "light cavalry." 

8. The kurkuls try toorganize their resistance 
to the Soviet government measures from the opposing 
elements of the population. The Party organizations 
on the other hand must endeavor to organize extensive 
activity among the women, expounding to their de- 
legates the tasks of the "committee" and drawing into 
its body the more active gr: . 

12. Contests must be held for the fastest comple- 
tion of the grain collecting plans among districts, 
villages, co-operatives and collective farms, thus en- 
couraging more energetic acion. 


13. The 1929-30 campaign of the grain collecting 
plan i: is the most important undertaking in the realiza- 
tion of the socialist structure. This campaign must 
be carried out by all Party organizations and with all 
Communist energy. 

(Visti, August 5, 1929). 


THEY ROB AND DRINK 


In the village of Lukobarske, in the Proskuriw 
district, the committee for the assistance of grain col- 
lecting consists of a former Polish commander, some 
kurkuls, hooligans and drunkards. They all distort 
the class line and break the laws of the Revolution. 

The committee is selling the property of those, 
including the poor farmers, who refuse to hand over 
their grain, for next to nothing to their friends and 
relatives. For instance a fanning mill was sold for 
1.1 rubles and later resold for 60 rubles. The difference 
was spent on drink. Although this incident was made 
known to the District Party Committee no steps are 
taken to correct this practice and grain collecting is 
proceeding as usual. 

(Pravda, October 22, 1929). 


STEPAN KAVUN 
SADISTS — GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVES 


During collectivization the Sovie government depended, 
first of all, on criminals, sadists and other degenerate elements 
to carry out the inhuman methods it set forth. One such sadist, 
in the village of Viytiwka, was Anton Oleksiyovich Orlenko. 

He carried out all the orders of the government without 
question, even if it meant taking the life of a human being. He 
swept out the last kernels of grain from pots and cans, thus 
sentencing young children to certain death, 

The word “Orlenko” was sufficient to frighten playful 
children into absolute silence and the grown-ups went out of 
their way to avoid him. He carried a pistol with him where- 
ever he went, always looked filthy and cursed everyone within 
hearing. 


145 


Finally, even the government was forced to reprimand him. 
He spent a year in jail where he was made some sort of a guard. 
He was then released and sent to other villages as a specialist in 
grain collecting, where he continued to practice his inhuman 
acts. 

Due to such “Orlenko’s” and their superiors a great famine 
began in 1931-32 which, at its peak in 1933, caused an unheard 
of number of deaths and even cannibalism in Ukraine. 


THEY CRITICIZE THE POOR FOR THEIR 
PASSIVENESS 


Not all grain collecting committees are able to 
organize around them committees of poor farmers. In 
many districts of the Kherson region committees of 
poor farmers are totally inactive in the grain collecting 
committees. In the Lubni region the kurkuls 
will not part with their grain and the committes of 
poor farmers remain absolutely indifferent to the 
problem. 

A thorough check-up is being conducted with 
regard to the surrender of all grain surpluses to the 
government by the committees of poor farmers and all 
unorganized poor farmers. A check-up reveals that 
in some instances members of the former hide their 
grain surpluses and agitate against grain collecting. 
In two districts of the Kryvy Rih region active 
members of the committee protested at an open 
meeting against the grain collecting plan. These are 
instances of an attitude of appeasement toward the 
kurkuls. 

In villages of the Nikopol region, individual 
members of the committee of poor farmers protested 
against compelling kurkuls to sell their grain to 
the government. 

(Pravda, October 30, 1929) 


THEY BLAME THE COMMITTEE OF POOR FARMERS 
FOR INACTIVITY 


Upon closer scrutiny of the work of the commit- 
tees of poor farmers (KNS) it is found that they do 


146 


not always occupy first place in the undretaking of the 
social reconstruction of the rural areas. 

The Presidium of the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet 
heard the report on the circumstances of the Kupyansk 
District Committee of Poor Farmers and upon con- 
sideration of certain facts affirmed that no work is 
being done by the committee. 

The rural organizations failed to interest the 
poor and middle farmers in the recent social-political 
campaigns. The Presidium has voiced a harsh re- 
primand to the directors of the District Committee of 
Poor Farmers and the Regional Committee of Poor 
Farmers of Kupyansk. 

The campaigns of grain collecting and collectiviza- 
tion are in a sorry state. The president of the village 
KNS, Lisovetsky, hid kurkul grain in his house 
during the grain collecting campaign and also, upon 
his initiative, reductions in the farm taxes were made 
and in the insurance premiums of the kurkuls. 

The work of the different District Committees of 
Poor Farmers is quite unsatisfactory. They are 
littered with opposing elements. 

(Visi, January 7, 1930). 


THE GOVERNMENT MOBILIZES ROBBERS 


The Dniepropetrovsk district leads all the grain 
collecting plans in Ukraine. One of the chief reasons 
for this success is that the factories have sent there 
immense cadres of proletariat activists. 

Two units of 250 members each of tested Commu- 
nists were mobilized. The town Soviet sent 50 men. 
The Regional Council of Trade Unions sent 100 active 
non-party-member laborers. Professional Associations 
sent 18 brigades and 18 authorized agents for work in 
the villages, and the District Party Committee sent 230 
men during the period of grain collecting. The Kom- 
somol also mobilized substantial units of young 
workers. 

The Dniepropetrovsk proletariat comprehends the 
importance of grain collecting and thus threw into the 


147 


villages about 1,000 of its finest active. In addition 
the Party organizations reinforced the leadership by 
sending its finest, well-tested men. 
The grain collecting plan reached every village 
Soviet and every populated point. 
(Pravda, October 8, 1929). 


HELP FROM MOSCOW... TO ROB 


October 16, 1929. Kharkiw, In many villages 
throughout Ukraine hundreds of labor brigades are 
taking an active part in the organization of grain 
collecting. They are giving great service to the poor 
in the fall seeding, and overhauling farm machinery. 

The All-Ukrainian Council of Trade Unions has 
sent 120 labor brigades to the rural areas. Besides 
this the District Trade Unions have voluntarily 
dispatched brigades of workers to the villages. For 
instance, the Kharkiw Trade Union has sent several 
hundreds of workers. 

Besides this, workers from other parts of Ukraine 
have organized labor brigades from Moscow, Lenin- 
grad and other cities of the Soviet Union work for 
several months at a time. 

These brigades play a major part in the grain 
collecting plan. In the Kupyansk and Shevchenko 
districts work on a large scale began only with the 
coming of these labor brigades. With their help the 
poor and middle elements are steadily making their 
attack on the kurkuls who are putting up a frantic 
resistance against grain collecting plans and the labor 


brigades. 
(Pravda, October 8, 1929). 


THE PARTY AND THE TOWN TAKE 
OVER THE VILLAGE 


(From the records of the Plenum of the Central Committee of 
the Communist Party of November 17, 1929). 
The main points are: 
1. The 15th convention of the Communist Party 


148 


has decided to gradually bring haphazard peasant 
farming within the orbit of the great USSR production 
mill, and step up the expansion of the socialist recon- 
struction of the farming area and the building of a 
great agricultural industry. 

2. The widespread collective farm movement is 
taking place amidst an intense class struggle with its 
changing forms and methods. The most important аз- 
signment of the Party organizations step is thorough- 
ly to strengthen the participation and influence of the 
city proleariat, and the proletariat and serni-proletariat 
of the rural areas in the collective farm movement. 

12, The Plenum of the Central Committee of the 
Communist Party of the Soviet Union urges greater 
and greater activity on the part of the factory workers 
in the collectivization of the farms, by forming labor 
brigades, acting as organizers and instigaors of the 
collective movement and also by the participation of 
these workers in the collective farm meetings and in 
the election of officers. 

The Party leadership in collective farms must be 
strengthened in every detail. 

Inadequate aid from the Komsomol organizations 
in collectivization must be noted. 

Beginning an all-out attack on the capitalist 
elements and thoroughly strengthening the production 
clamp between socialist industry and the farming 
industry, the Party organizations must mobilize all 
their forces in time for the next seeding campaign. 

By uniting the poor-middle masses of farmers 
around the Party, the labor class will thus be able to 
assure a strong agricultural base for the socialist in- 
dustries of the state and at the same time insure the 
whole structure of socialism. 

(Visti, November 22, 1929). 


THE 25-THOUSANDERS 


(From the Resolution of the November Plenum of the Central 
Committee of the Soviet Communist Party). 
The industrial workers are a great reservoir from 


149 


150 


which leaders for the building of the socialist farm may 
be drawn. 

The Central Committee considers it vital, aside 
from a systematic reinforcement of the collective farm 
movement by Party leadership, to send no less than 
twenty-five thousand laborers with adequate organiza- 
tional-political experience to work during the coming 
months on collective farms, at machine-tractor stations 
and in divisional boards. 

In picking these workers, the Professional Associa- 
tions must take an active part and choose the most 
progressive men. 

(Pravda, Novernber 22, 1929). 


PREPARING THE 25-THOUSANDERS 


The collective farms welcome the decision of the 
Central Committee to send them workers. Many 
collective farms are asking for an increase in the 
number allotted to them. The collective farms in the 
Mykolayiw region have sent a petition for 500 more 
workers. The Mykolayiw factories have begun 
additional recruiting. The news is similar in other 
regions. 

Meetings of collective farmers everywhere are 
demanding hat workers be sent them immediately. 
They claim that help is needed right now to start the 
spring sowing. The workers have all been assigned 
their own jobs. In most cases they will take posts as 
directors and members of divisional boards in large 
collective farms and machine-tractor stations. 

(Pravda, December 31, 1929). 


According to plan, Ukraine has been asked to 
mobilize only 7,500 workers to be included in the grand 
total of 25,000. А number of volunteers has appeared 
— around 14,500 — of whom 7,800 will be selected. 
Who is to be sent on this assignment? 

In first place are the industrial workers. The 
metal-workers union is giving 3,200 men — 40 per 
cent; the minerals’ union 1,650 men — 20 per cent; 


the railroad workers' union 1,100 — 15 per cent. The 
remaining twelve unions are to supply 2,000 men. 
(Pravda, January 18, 1930). 


Included in the 25,000 are recruits from the 
following towns and territories 





Moscow Reglon was asked for 6,000 issued a call for 18,000 volunteers 
Leningrad Region m 400  , ина 1000 n 





Ivanov Region “u »& 9900 u mo 4 500 n 
Lower Novohorod . 4  . 800 n mo . ~ 3800 - 
Ukraine "o 500 и m m 16,000 - 
Urals «в 170 u 4 4 » 2970 n 
Number of volunteers called for: 60.000 


(Pravda, January 24, 1930). 


151 


152 


CHAPTER Ш 


DE-KURKULIZATION AND DEPORTATION 
OF THE DE-KURKULIZED 


De-kurkulization of the more prosperous farmers 
and the deportation of the finer, better educated village families 
is perhaps the most tragic page in Ukrainian history. Even the 
Communist government writes of that catastrophic event as 
follows: 

"The government allowed the farmers to confiscate the 
kurkuls' livestock, machinery and other inventory in order 
to promote collectivization. They drove the kurkuls from 
their land, de-kurkulized them, took away their live stock 
and machinery and demanded their arrest and deportation. The 
kurkuls were expropriated, just as the capitalists were 
expropriated of their enterprises in 1918. This was a policy of 
the liquidation of the kurkul as a class, on the grounds of 
social collectivization. 

(History of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. 1945 edition, page 
290-291) 

And the Soviet government not only allowed but ordered 
the expropriation of the kurkuls, e. i. the rnore prosperous 
and better farmers. With such drastic action the Soviet go- 
vernment achieved its goal in the following ways. 

l. The wealth seized from the kurkuls formed the 
material and technical groundwork for the collective farms. 

2. The mass arrests and deportations of the Ukrainian 
kurkuls served to terrorize the poorer farmers and, berefit of 
the leadership of their braver friends, they meekly allowed 
themselves to be driven into collectivization. 

3. The Soviet government acquired millions of slaves who 
were sent to Siberia and the Far North to work in forests and 
build strategic centres, there to be physically exterminated. 

The 16th Congress of the Soviet Communist Party which 
was held in the summer of 1929 directed that de-kurkuli- 
zation be allowed to the extent of 10 cent of all the farmers. 
This is what it meant in Ukraine. 





153 


In 1928 there were over 5 million farmers in Ukraine, only 
4 per cent of whom were not land owners. Forty-eight per cent 
owned up to 7.4 acres of land, 41 per cent owned from 7.4 to 25 
acres and only 7 per cent were owners of more than 25 acres. 
(W. Kubiyovich, Geographiya Ukrainy, p. 194). All these were 
farmers who worked their own land and the government's per- 
mission to liquidate 10 per cent of them made it necessary to 
include large numbers of the so-called middle-class and poor 
farmers, especially when the ratio was increased to 15 and 20 
per cent in some places. 

At that time over 500,000 farm families were de-kur- 
kulized involving about 2 million people. About half were 
deported to distant concentration camps where, but for a few 
exceptions, they died. 

The most intensive de-kurkulization was begun in 
the winter of 1929-30 and continued until 1933. The biggest 
deportations of the de-kurkulized farmers and their 
families were carried out in the winter seasons of 1929 to 1931 
inclusive. 

The extent and methods of de-kurkulization are 
best told by the Soviet's own documents and through the 
testimony of living witnesses of those events. 

The resolution of the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet legalized 








Executed by on explosive bullet 


154 





The execution of kurkuls 


de-kurkulization in Ukraine. We have never seen 
similar resolutions published in PRAVDA for any other re- 
public in the USSR. 


THE KURKULS AND MIDDLE FARMERS 


KURKULS. — The most bestial, coarse and 
savage exploiters, who many times in the history of 
other nations revived the rule of landlords, tsars, 
clergy and capitalists. There are more kurkuls 
than capitalists but the kurkuls are a minority in 
the nation. These blood-suckers have become rich 
from the people’s poverty during war. They gained 
ohtusands and hundreds of thousands by raising prices 
on grain and other foodstuffs. These spiders 
luxuriated at the expense of the war-ruined farmers, 
and the hungry workers. These vampires drank the 
blood of the wirking people, growing more prosperous 
as the workers in the city factories grew hungrier. 
They grabbed the land of the landlords and grain and 
again enslaved the poor masses. 

(Lenin, Collected Works, XXIII, pp. 206-207 [in Russian]. 

The term "middle farmers," from an economic 
view-point, comprises those farmers who work small 
tracts of land either belonging to them or leased; who, 


155 


firstly, are able, under capitalist rule, not only to eke 
out a miserable existence for their families, but to 
obtain a small surplus which may, in the extreme case 
of a good year, be turned into capital and, secondly, are 
often able (for instance for a family of two or three) to 
hire outside help. The Revolutionary proletariat must 
not have as its aim—in the first place for the sake of 
a speedy beginning of the proletariat dictatorship — 
to draw this element to its side but rather to limit itself 
to simply neutralizing it, i. e. to render it neutral in the 
struggle beetween the proletariat and the bourgeoisie. 
(Lenin, Ibid, XXV, pp. 271-272). 


RESOLUTION OF THE UKRAINIAN SUPREME SOVIET 


AND THE COUNCIL OF PEOPLE'S COMMISSARY 


OF JULY 3, 1929 


(Resolution regarding the broadening of rights of the local 
Soviets for assisting state instructions). 


156 


In order to quell the kurkul speculators who 
are hampering the resolutions of the citizens’ general 
meetings in the execution of state plans and assign- 
ments, the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet and the Council 
of People’s Commissars have decided: 

1. To permit the village Soviets, in the event that 
general meetings of citizens pass regulations to 
complete grain collecting plans voluntarily by the 
whole village, the task to be divided among individual 
farmers, to levy on those farmers who do not comply 
with such regulations and fail to hand in their grain, a 
fine, by administrative orders, up to five times the value 
of the grain witheld and if necessary to sell the guilty 
farmer's property in order to obtain the required fine. 

2. In the event of a group of farmers conspiring 
and refusing to turn in their grain, resisting the 
executive of the grain collecting plan, such farmers 
must be tried according to article 57 of the Criminal 
Code of the USSR. If individual farmers maliciously 
refuse to hand in their grain even after a warning by 
the administration according to the said article and this 
resolution, then such persons are to be tried according 


to article 58 of the Chiminal Code of the USSR, which 
provides for severe measures of repression. 

3. Of the monies obtained from such fines and 
sales of confiscated properties 25 per cent is to be 
deducted and given to the appropriate funds of co- 
operative, and poor farms' organizations. 

(Visti, July 14, 1929). 


SEVERE PUNISHMENT IS THREATENED 


In the village of Vyshnevets, Synelkiw district, in 
Donbas (Donets Basin), one kurkul Zhydchenko, 
was fined 27.9 tons of grain for the grain collecting 
plan, and later another 32.8 tons, then an additional 
24.5 tons as outstanding for the previous year. Such 
cases were common in many other districts. 

The progress of the collecting plan is due rnainly 
to the poor and middle farmers. The kurkulisnow 
also forced to turn in his grain but he does so slowly 
and reluctantly, bringing in small portions at a time 
and only the less vital products like barley, millet and 
corn. He holds back rye and wheat. 

November 1st was the deadline for the kur- 
kuls to bring in their grain. Now the actives 
are conducting checks in the villages. 

Asregards the kurkuls, appropriate measures 
will naturally be taken according to the law. The 
approach will be most severe, most merciless. All 
public opinion will be directed against the kurkul 
— the hoarder of grain. 

(Pravda, November 2, 1929). 


PRESSURE ON THE KURKULS IS DEMANDED 


In the Dniepropetrovsk region only 38 per cent 
of the grain collecting plan has been completed. The 
reason for this unsatisfactory state of affairs may be 
explained mainly by the weak pressure exerted on the 
kurkuls. The kurkuls used every ruse to avoid 
handing in their rye and wheat and our organizations 
were unable to force them to do so. 


157 


158 


Sufficient evidence of this is that on November 
15 only 23 indictments were issued against kurkuls. 
The village Soviets do not exercise the rights given 
them by the law in their struggle with the kurkuls. 
There are any number of cases of leniency. In Pe- 
reshchepyn district only four kurkuls were tried in 
court. For that reason only 62 per cent of the grain 
collecting plan was completed there. 

(Pr November 25, 1929). 





WARNING IN THE JULY 3RD RESOLUTION 
OF THE UKRAINIAN EXECUTIVE 
COMMITTEE 

Until recently the grain collecting plans in Ukraine 
have been progressing mostly with the aid of the poor 
and middle-class farmers even though the village 
meetings resorted to measures and assigned the kur- 
kuls definite duties peraining to the plan. The 
Party organizations have taken no interest in de- 
termining whether these orders are complied with or 
not, while the poor and middle-class masses are unor- 
ganized. 

The term allowed the kurkuls for bringing in 
their grain has long since expired — October 1st — 
but they evade this duty. The July 3rd resolution of 
the Ukrainian Central Executive Committee provides 
for a whole string of compulsory measures against the 
kurkuls who maliciously refuse to turn in their 
grain surplus. This resolution is forgotten by many 
regions. In the Kiev, Urnan, Zaporozhe and many 
other regions compulsory measures are not employed 
against the kurkul population. 

But recently progress has been felt. Some regions 
have finally begun to use compulsory methods 
provided for in the Resolution of the Ukrainian 


Central Executive Committee. 
(Pravde, October 30, 1929). 


THE KURKULS ARE BEING LIQUIDATED 


The struggle for the liquidation of the kurkuls 
has spread to all regions. It is a fierce campaign into 
which are drawn wide circles of poor farmers and 
farm laborers. This struggle for liquidating the ku r- 
kuls is also very popular among the middle farmers 
who go hand-in-hand with the poor farmers and farm 
laborers. Hundreds of kurkuls have already been 
evicted from their homes while their property has 
been taken over by the collective farms. 

In the Chervono-Povstansk District alone, one 
hundred kurkuls have been thrown out of their 
homes. The regulation for evicting kurkuls was 
passed unanimously at a mass meeting. From all 
corners of the Regions come news that middle and 
poor farmers and farm laborers have not the slightest 
qualms about liquidating them. The kurkuls’ 
homes, barns and stables are appropriated by the 
collective farms. Their homes are used mostly as 
collective farm community centers, offices or nurseries. 

In the village of Bilyayiwka the village Soviet 
had been located in a poor building and now has moved 
to a handsome house formerly owned by a kurkul. 
Nne day’s notice is given the kurkuls to vacate 
their premises. 

(Pravde, January 24, 1930). 


In the Odessa region, in the last five-day period, 
10 per cent of the farmers and 9 per cent of the land 
have been seized by collectivization. In all regions 
with social collectivization kurkuls are being 
liquidated according to the resolutions of the masses 
of poor farmers and farm laborers and their property 
is turned over to the collective farms. In the Bereziw 
district 350 kurkuls have been dekurkulized 
and 1,650 hundredweights of hidden grain has been 
confiscated, 750 head of cattle, 625 calves, thousands of 
items of farm machinery and 3,500 hundredweights of 
forage. One hundred and three houses were given to 
farm laborers for their living quarters and the rest 
were turned over to collective farms to be used for 


159 


administrative, cultural and ,educational purposes. 
The machinery will be useful in the spring seeding. 
The horses will considerably ease the present shortage 
of draught animals in the collective farms. 

In the village of Pavlynka one kurkul set fire 
to his house after it had been appropriated by the 
collective farm. 

(Pravda, February 9, 1930). 


In all districts of the Mykolayiw region where an 
all-out collectivization drive is in progress mass 
meetings of farm laborers and the poor and middle 
farmers have been held passing resolutions for liqui- 
dating the kurkuls, whose land and possessions 
are turned over to the collective farms and poor 
farmers. 

In the Blahoyev district of social collectivization, 
of the Odessa region, the question of liquidating one 
hundred kurkuls was raised at a meeting of farm 
laborers and the poor and middle farmers. Then, on 
January 25, in the middle of the night a group of k u r- 
kuls loaded tseir wagons and made for the town. 
They were caught and punished. 

In the Konstantyniw district the movement for 
the liquidation of the kurkuls is widespread among 
the poor masses. In many villages decisions have been 
passed at meetings to complete collectivization in the 
month of March. It was also decided to de-kur- 
kulized 150 farmers and hand their property 
over to the collective farms. 

(Pravda, January 30, 1930). 


In all the collective farm around Odessa stiff 
measures are being taken. Livestock, farm machinery, 
buildings, orchards and vineyards are turned over 
to the collective farm fund. At the same time 
liquidation of the kurkul pseudo-collectives has 
begun. When they heard of this resolution they 
immediately began to sell their property and divide 
the proceeds among their middle-farmer relatives and 
let their livestock go unfed. 

(Pravda, January 25, 1930). 





Mass execution of peasants 


THE GUILTY ARE SOUGHT AT THE BOTTOM 


(Resolution of the Central Committee of the Communist Party 
of the Soviet Union regarding the Harbuzyn Party organization, 
passed January 12, 1931). 


а 


The Central Committee states that: 

1. The major farm campaigns conducted in the 
Harbuzyn district were entirely unsatisfactory. Not 
enough attention was mobilized around this under- 
taking, nor was there su 3 ed by 
the poor and middle masses. And a cand! manifesta- 
tion of a rightist swing was evident ia the practical 
work of the District Party organization. 

Leaders of the District Party Committee and of 
the District Executive Committee have proven 
themselves incapable cf making а strong attack on the 
kurkuls. The defficult assignment, only partially 
carried out, against the kurkuls in the grain 
collecting plan was very much behind the schedule and 
the kurkuls had not one farm tax imposed on 
them. Districts with fourteen villages revealed only 
fifteen kurkuls. The fall planting of wheat was 








161 


only 92 per cent completed and other grain only 82 
per cent. The mobilization of expenses was unsatis- 
factorily carried out. 

2. This is all due to the fact that leaders of the 
whole district Party organization have fallen into the 
habit of holding unprincipled gatherings-social func- 
tions. Alack of real self-criticism is felt in the or- 
ganization. All this serves to undermine the efficiency 
of the Party organization in carrying out its political 
farm-program. 

The Central Committee therefore decrees: 

1. That the resolution of the united Plenum of 
the District Party Committee and the District 
Executive Committee of December 12 be approved. 

2. Because of actions contrary to the Party the 
following are to be removed from their posts: Burynin 
— Secretary of the District Party Committee: Drakh 
— Representative of the Organization Department: 
Bondarenko — Head of the District Executive 
Committee. The case of their Party membership to 
be reviewed by the Central Communist Committee. 

3. The Organization Department of the Central 
Committee be given two weeks in which to procure the 
required number of workers and send them to the 
districts. 

(Visti, January 15, 1930). 


ROBBERY AND EXPROPRIATION ACCORDING 
TO MOSCOW REGULATIONS 


This happened in the Yampil district, Vynnytsya region, 
in 1929. In order to intimidate the majority of farmers and so 
lay a foundation for the ensuing collective farms the more 
prosperous farmers. who owned from seventeen to twenty-four 
acres of land, were extremely heavily taxed, for tens of thousands 
of rubles and ten to firteen tons of grain. It was known 
beforehand, of course. that these farmers would never be able to 
meet these stiff obligations since thev had never possessed such 
sums of money, nor raised nearly as much grain on the land they 
owned. However, these farmers were warned that for failing to 
pay the required taxes their property would be confiscated and 


162 


turned over to the collective farms. They, as malicious iuz- 
kuls, would be brought to trial. ` 

The terrified farmers in such cases frantically tried to save 
themselves and their famil Usually they began by selling 
their cows, hogs, clothes, etc. and paid part cf the levied taxes. 
They gave the state their whole crop but that was not nearly 
enough. 

Finally the time limit for the payment of taxes would expire 
and the huge debts would be held against them. True to 
earlier promises the farmers were arrested, tried in the village 
courts in the presence of all their neighbors and sentenced to 
ten years in concentration camps. The remaining property was 
then confiscated. 

Accordingly they were shipped to the far North, their farms 
turned over to the newly-organized collective farms and their 
wives and children driven from their homes notwithstanding the 
season or the weather. 

Whenever a few farmers in a village were thus robbed and 
sentenced, the better farms were generally used to build the 
collective farm. The others were added to the basic economy 
of the collective farms or simply ruined, after all building 
materials had been moved to the collective farms. 

Thus the economic basis for collective farms was laid in 
every village. 





^ 


У. SHYNKOL 


DEVASTATION OF THE VILLAGE 
OF NOVO-PAVLIWKA 


The village of Novo-Pavliwka, in the Nikopol district. 
Dniepropetrovsk region, located about three miles from Nikopol, 
was fairy presperous and numbered over 2,000 farmsteads. 

Tt the very beginning of de-kurkulization thirteen 
farm families were de-kurkulized, with a total of fifty 
people. Four of the families managed to escape from the village 
and the remaining nine, numbering 32 persons, were arrested and 
deported to the far North. Prior to being sent away they were 
robbed of their possessions and virtually stripped of their 
clothing so that they and their small children wore only thin 
garments for their trip north in the bitter winter cold. 

Later, another group of 28 farmers was d e-kurkulized. 


163 


There were about 128 people in this group. Profiting from the 
experience of the previous de-kurkulized group most of 
the people fled from the village. The seven families, consisting 
of 22 people, who remained were then arrested and sent to the 
North. This was in 1930. 

I myself happened to be included іп the last group although 
I did not live in the village at the time. I worked in Zaporozhe 
and had come illegally to visit my mother. She advised me to 
leave the village immediately. After bidding her farewell I made 
my way to the railroad station and there was arrested and sent 
to prison in Nikopol. 

On June 28, 1930, when I was on the troin heading norih 
with other de-kurkulized people a GPU agent appeared 
and made the following announcement: "Listen you, de-kur- 
kulized! We are sending you away not for execution but to 
work! The Party and the government have decided to in- 
troduce collectivization and as you are useless we are sending 
you away so as not to have any interference from you in our 
undertaking." 

Later I jumped off the train and fled. 


YAVDOKYM BONDAR 


THE DE-KURKULIZED WHO DIED IN EXILE 


In the hamlet of Nova Volodymyrivka, Sakhnovshchan 
district, Kharkiw region, many farm families were de-kur- 
kulized in the collectivization period of 1930-31. They were 
deported to the far North and Siberian concentration camps with 
their whole families, including the old folks and small children, 
where most of them perished. Although I remernber the family 
names I cannot recall all the members of each family. 

Bondar — Pavlo 

Boyarsky — Pavlo, Pilip, Semen 
Chornohor — Iwan, Harasym 
Derkach — Taras 

Dykhtyar — three brothers 
Hetchenko — Denys 

Kabluchka — Stepan 
Kharchenko — two brothers 
Khalyava — three brothers 
Kiryachko — two brothers 


164 


Kiryachko — Fedir 

Kolomiyets — Katerina, Fedir 

Lisovy — Fedir, Natalka 

Krot — Wasyl, Andriy 

Mischenko — Fedir 

Mynka — Osyp, Anna, Maria, Petro 

Myroshnyk — Mykola 

Myshak — Vasyl 

Ostapenko — Mykhail 

Okhriy — three brothers 

Proskurnya — two brothers 

Redka — Mykola 

Semenets — Savatiy, Ivan, Platon, Tymoefiy, Petro. 
Erhiy, Ivan and his small son 

Stetsiuk — Avram, Hryhoriy 

Valenko — two brothers 

Vlasenko — Lipifan 

Zhymovyk — Olexander, Mykhail 

Zhyvchenko — a woman 

Kraynyk, Lymishka and many others. 


P.S. 


THE DE-KURKULIZED IN THE VILLAGE 
OF DUBOVYCHI 


In 1930, in the village of Dubovychi, Hlukhiw district, 
region of Sumy, more than ten families were de-kur- 
kullized and with small children deported to Nyzhniy 
Udinsk in Siberia. They were taken into a deep forest and left 
in the snow. They were supposed to be employed at logging. 

The following families were included in tnat group: 

. Prokip Padalka and his family. 
Yakiv Yatsenko and his family. 
. Wasyl Petrushenko and family. 

. Korniy Ovsienko and family. 

. Ivan Padalka and family. 

. Ivan Sulym and family. 

Petro Tereschenko and family. 

. Mykola Los and family. 

. Tymish Huzenko 

. Petro Sushchenko. 


SeEPIAnsune 


165 


"The latter were single men and were taken to Arkhangelsk. 
А young girl, Uksana, daugnter or vasy: Petrusnenko, Mauaged 
to escape. one was the only survivor ot that group. ine rest 
all died trom cold and hunger. She told тапу stories of the 
horror in that torest. 

"These names are only a few of the whole group, as I cannot 
recall them all. “Ihe village consisted of 840 homes. ‘there were 
also many who were de-kurkulizedand driven from their 
homes but were not deported. They were scattered throughout 
other villages and towns. From this group I recall the following 
names: 

1. Sashko Karabut. 2. Andriy Karabut. 3. Hryior.y &oloda. 
4. Korniq Piotivets. 5. serhiy Kravchenko. 6. Opanas Krav- 
chenko. 7. Petro Kravchenko (veteran of Petlyura's Army). 
8. Fedir Yurchenko. 9. Hryhoriy Sushchenko. 10. Sash«o Sus- 
chenko. 11. Semen Susachenko. 12. Муко!а Susachenho. 13. Pav- 
lo Sushchenko. 14. Ivan Sushchenko. 15. Sashks Sushchenko 
(other than mentioned earlier). 16. Ivan Sushchenko (second). 
17. Terentiy Pilipovich. 18. Ivan Levchenko. 19. Mykola Lev- 
chenko. 20. Sashko Burym. 21. Mykhailo Burym. 

All these men had wives and children who were driven out 
with them. 

Following are three documental accounts by living 
witnesses, examples of d e-kurkulization in three villages 









Hands tied behind the back before execution 


166 


in different districts of the Kiev region. In the village of Stavok. 
Rzhyshchiw district, fifty farmers were de-kurkulized 
whose list of names had been prepared by the head of the village 
Soviet. In the village of Shcherbashyntsi, Medvyn district, of 
а total of 350 farmers 64 were de-kuzkulize2d, or i3 pee 
cent. The village of Sham:ayi . 42lyko-Polovetsk district. 
had 300, or 10 per cent, of its farmers de-kurkulized. 
Among them were included school teachers and sts. The 
chief perpetrator of the task in the latter village. was the re- 
presentative of the Soviet government, Kovalyov, who was sent 
from Russia as a Party thousander" and became - tary of 
the village Party organization. 

















F. PRAVOBEREZHNY 
EACH VILLAGE TO "GIVE" FIFTY KURKULS 


At about the beginning of the year 1931 a GPU agent came 
to our village, Stayky, Rzhyshchiw district, summoned the head 
of the village Soviet, Starovoyt, who was a Party candidate, and 
held w:th him the following confidential conversation. 

“Comrade Starovoyt! Your village is asked to give fifty 
kurkuls.” 

"But where will I find them? rThey have all been taken 
away already.” 

"I am not concerned with that. This is my order.” 

“You know very well that only the poor farmers are now 
lefcin this village. How can we find kurkuls?" 

"If you do not know whom to take I shall pick them out 
myself, but you will be sorry." 

“All right. take them yourself. I do not know of any 
kurkuls.” 

“Well, I do. And the first one is you! The next is your 
father-in-law and the rest I will soon find. Give me the list of 
names of the village residents. Who of these was in Zeleny's 
geng. in 1919?" 

“You already know that the whole village was with Zeleny." 

“Very well. By morning I want you to have a list of fifty 
names ready. If you do you may cross out your own and your 
father-in-law's names. If not, vou will both die in Kolyma." 

The next morning the GPU agent was handed his list of 
fifty kurkuls." 


167 


After the deportation of the "kurkuls" a similar attack 
began on the "under-kurkuls," the poor farmers who were 
nationalistically awake, and the village intellectuals. Next came 
the "kurkul fellow travellers" and then "class enemies" and 
"enemies of the people." 


P. HIRCHAKIVETS 


18 PER CENT WERE DE-KURKULIZED 


In the village of Shcherbashyntsi, Medvyn district, Korsun 
region, lived Petro Berestovy with his wife and six children. 
During the NEP (New Economic Period) he owned a steam- 
powered flour mili. In the spring of 1928, before the beginning 
of de-kurkulization and collectivization, huge taxes were 
levied on him. Later he was tried and sentenced. His farm 
and property were sold to pay his debts. In 1930 he and his 
family were shipped to Arkhangelsk where all but the eldest son 
died. He returned to the village and led a life of crime, robbing 
and stealing for revenge, until finally caught and shot by the 
GPU militia. 

In the winter of 1930 many farmers wered e-kurkulized 
ia this village which consisted of 350 farm homes. The following 
were the victims: Sydir Starenky and his family of three 
members. He had owned about seven acres of land and a wind- 
mill, Hryhoriy Mishchenko, psalmist in the church, had a wife 
and child and owned about three and half acres of land. There 
was another Mishchenko who had a wife, four children and very 
little land, but owned an oil mill (salad oil). Petro Shokalo 
had a family of severi, owned a windmill and very little land. 
Artem Shchybra was a good father, had a family of two, owned 
six acres of land and kept a female helper. 

Artem Shchybra was an old and ailing mzn. One day the 
local activists lead by two 25thousanders, Krvzha- 
nowsky and Kohan, came to his house, led him outside and placed 
him on a wagon, then drove him outside the village and there 
left him forbidding him ever to come back. There he dug 
himself a cave, planted a little garden and thus existed until his 
untimely death. 

Later, in 1930-31 forty-eight more farmers were d e-k ur- 
kulized. Altogether, out of 350 farmers sixty-four were 
de-kurkulized in Shcherbashyntsi, or 18 per cent. Most 


168 


of them were shipped to the North, some fled to other villages 
and a few remained in the village. 

I had made a list of all the victims but one day when we 
were in the act of hiding зоте grain and fat, members of the 
village Soviet came to our house. They took the list of names, 
along with the other things and tried to arrest me be cause of it. 
I fled and never returned to the village again. 


P. NESTOR 


DE-KURKULIZATION IN THE VILLAGE 
OF SHAMRAYIWKA 


Before collectivization the village of Shamrayiwka in the 
Velyko-Polovetsk district, Kiev region, had around 3,000 homes. 
All the villagers had been active in the Ukrainian liberation 
struggle of 1917-1921. From that time until 1928 a small 
partisan group operated in the vicinity of the village, a 
detachment of Shkarbanenko's forces. There were about twenty 
men and they were somewhat of a menace to the Communists in 
the whole Bila Tserkva region. 

In 1929 the head of the village Soviet, P. Vynnychenko, who 
was also a member of the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet and per- 
sonally corresponded with Petrovsky, was arrested by the GPU 
and replaced by an imported Russian. The secretary of the 
Party center at that time was a Russian, Fursov, who was later 
replaced by Kovalyov. Kovalyov was a degenerate and a sadist 
who always laughed when he abused his victims. He delighted 
in throwing naked children out into the sncw. Оп his face he 
wore a perpetual grin which in a way belied his cruel nature. He 
was a natural executioner and butcher. 

At the beginning of collectivization fifteen famil'es werc 
immediately d e-kurkulized and deported to the faz Novth. 
After that de-kurkulization and deportations continued 
ata regular pace until at the end of the year 300 families had thus 
been victimized. 

All the village intellectuals were liquidated. The village 
priest, Naum Kharchenko, had been shot right in his own yard in 
1920. During collectivization a priest of the re-established 
Ukrainian Orthodox Authocephalous Church, Fedir Severy- 
nenko, was sent to Siberia with his family. The public school 
principal and the teachers, Vyshnivsk and Nezabutovsky, were 


169 


shot during the trial of the SVU (Association for Liberation of 
Ukraine). Another teacher, Novokhatsy, was sentenced to ten 
years in Siberia. After serving his sentence he died from 
conscmption in the Bila Tserkva station while on his way home. 


MARIA NAZARETS 


HOW THE COLLECTIVE FARM IN THE VILLAGE 
OF HUBSKE WAS ORGANIZED 


The collective farm in the village of Hubske, in the Poltava 
region, was organized in 1929 by former members of the 
Committee of Poor Farmers and the amoral element of the 
village. Head of the new collective farm was Tymish Stetsenko, 
a well-known criminal since childhood. He had three wives at 
the same time of whom one, Mary, he murdered. His brother, 
Mykyta, was of the same type. 

Five hundred acres of the best land, belonging to ihe 
villagers, was appropriated by the collective farm. The farmers 
protested, and took their case to higher officials but to no avail. 
In November the village was visited by two25-thousanders 
from Donbas (Dcnets Basin). The fist job of these Party 
emmissaries was to remove the bells from the church. For this 
they engaged the village active who had already joined the 
collective farm. The farmers made a united protest, even 
beating up the representatives. Then a militia detachment came 
to the village and under their protection they were finally taken 
down. 

After this the whole village was levied for high taxes — 
about 25,000 bushels of grain for 500 farms numbering around 
2,500 people. The farmers met this plan with the greatest difficul- 
ty, buying grain from other villages and cleaning out their own 
stores. Then came another tax — 30,000 bushels of grain. But 
the farmers had not a kernel more and none was to be obtained 
anywhere. So de-kurkulization began. 

To intimidate the villagers two show trials were held at 
which two farmers, Musiy Panchenko and Fanasiy Varovenko 
— the latter owned seventeen acres of land — were sentenced, as 
malicious kurkuls. to eight years each in the northern con- 
centration camps. There they both died. 

After this no more trials were held. The village active 
simply decided at its night sessions who was to go next and 


170 





Woman, ofter execution, with ring-finger cut off. 


proceeded with the victim's de-kurkulization. Fifty 
families were thus robbed and evicted from their homes. Those 
who remained were forced to join the coilective farm. Having 
shattered the village the local active, headed by Hotsulov, 
the agriculturalist, visited every marked home in turn taking 
away all the grain and hauling the machinery and livestock to 
the collective. They were on these rounds from morning until 
night. In this manner, in the spring of 1930, complete collectiviza- 
tion had begun. The village farmers were helpless in the face 
of this robbery and could only protest. 

When a similar process of collectivization was taking place 
in the neighboring village, Drabovo, the farmers became very 
indignant and staged an uprising. They secured firearms and 
killed the whole active. A GPU regiment then arrived and 
machine-gunned the village for a whole day. The uprising was 
quelled and the guilty were brutally punished. The village of 
Hubske was so stunned by this event in Drzbovo that it meekly 
submitted to collectivization. 

But in the spring of 1931 the local village Soviet in con- 
junction with the village active and upon the advice of the 
Lazirsk District Party Committee decided that а few dozen 
local families must be deported to the far places of the USSR — 


171 


Siberia, the Urals, and the far North. Included in that con- 
tingent were the following families. Dorosh Yurchenko, owner 
of 70 acres of land, was sent away with his family of seven. Iwan 
Kasyan, owned 49 acres of land, went with his family of five. 
Slynko had a family of five and 40 acres of land. Serhiy Naza- 
rets had a family of six and 30 acres of land. Maryna Hawryk 
was a widow with five children and owned 40 acres о: land. 
Maria Karpets was a widow with six children and owned 74 acres 
ofland. Ivan Panchenko had a family of eight and 50 acres of 
land. Hryhoriy Panchenko had 50 acres of land and a family of 
seven. 

Twenty other families marked for deportation fled from the 
village. The fate of those deported was not learned, but it is 
very likely that most of them died. 


M. ZHORNOKLIVETS 


260 PEOPLE FROM ZHORNOKLOVY 
SENT TO CONCENTRATION CAMPS 


Eighty of the finest farmers in the village of Zhornoklovy, 
Helmvyaziw District, Poltava Region, were de-kurkulized 
during the collectivization in 1929-31. All these families were 
shipped to the North, to Arkhangelsk, Vologda and the Urals 
where they all died. Below is a list of names of those fa 

1. Bublyk, Paraska — three members in family 

2. Bublyk, Hryhoriy — 5 members 

3. Bublyk, Ivan — 2 members 

4. Bublyk, Petro — 5 
5. Bublyk, Fedir — 5 
6. 
7 
8. 
9. 





. Bublyk, Opanas — 2 

. Bublyk, Yakiv — 6 

. Bublyk, Nykyfor — 1 

. Butowsky, Mykola — 1 
10. Chornenko, Panfil — 2 
11. Dyachenko, Dmytro — 3 
12. Dyachenko, Petro — 2 
13. Kudelya, Harasym — 5 
14. Kudelya, Semen — 4 
15. Otets, Konstantyn — 5 
16. Padalka, Danylo — 6 
17. Padalka, Mykyta — (writer) 2 


172 


18. 
19. 
20. 
21. 
22. 
23. 
24. 
25. 
26. 
27. 
28. 
29. 
30. 
31. 
32. 
33. 
34. 


36. 
37. 
38. 
39. 
40. 
41. 
42. 
43. 
44. 
45. 


Padalka, Ivan — 4 
Padalka, Stepan — 6 
Padalka, Ulas — 2 
Padalka, Mykhailo — 3 
Padalka, Petro — 2 
Padalka, Yakiv — 3 
Perekhrest, Zenko — 2 
Perekhrest, Danylo — 6 
Perekhrest, Vasyl — 1 
Perekhrest, Ivan — 2 
Perekhrest, Paraska — 1 
Perekhrest, Ivan Petrovych — 4 
Pishchansky, Omelyan — 9 
ishchansky, Ivan — 3 
Plytin, Yakhrem — 2 
Plytin, Petro — 2 
Plytin, Yakym — 1 shot by NKVD, 5 members 
unknown 
Plytin, Nykyfor — 5 
Plytin, Zakhar — 4 
Plytin, Karpo — 5 
Sydorets, Andriy — 4 
Sydorets, Mykola — 1 
Sydorets, Horpyna — 1 
Sydorets, Mykhail — 6 
Wasynko, Nykyfor — 1 
Wasynko, Mykhail — 6 
Lukianenko, Omelyan — 7 





The following list of names is of people who were also 
deported but whose subsequent fate is unknown: 


Bublyk, Havrylo — 4 


2. Bublyk, Рено М. — 1 


Seernauaw 


. Bublyk, Harta — 4 
. Bublyk, Osyp — 2 
. Bublyk, Danylo — 1 


Butowsky, Petro — 3 


. Chornenko, Ivan — 3 

. Kononets, Havrylo — 3 

. Kudelya, Ivan — 2 

. Kukuanenko, Trokhym — 2 


173 


11. Padalka, Ivan — 3 
12. Padalka, Pavlo — 3 
13. Padalka, Hhyhoriy — 3 
14. Padalka, Vasyl — 6 
15. Padalka, Yakiv Ulasovych — 4 
16. Padalka, Andriy — 6 
17. Padalka, Opanas — 2 
18. Padalka, Lukyna — 3 
19. Perekhrest, Petro Pavlovych — 1 
20. Perekhrest, Sanko — 2 
21. Perekhrest, Dmytro Dmytrovych — 4 
22. Perekhiest, Dmytro Pavlovych — 
23. Padalka, Yakiv Fedorovych — 4 
24. Plytin, Stepan — 4 
25. Plytin, Ivan — 3 
26. Plytin, Sashko — 3 
27. Plytin, Tymofiy — 2 
28. Plytin, Domakha — 5 
29. Plytin, Zakharko — 8 
30. Plytin, Ivan Nykyforovych — 2 
31. Sasinovych, Serhiy — 4 
32. Sasinovych, Vasyl — 2 
33. Wasynko, Pavlo — 5 
34. Wowtsyuh, Panteleymon — 3 
35. Wowtsyuh, Zakharko — 2 
"The following five documented accounts by living witnesses 
describe the methods of de-kurkulization of families 
with small children, in mid-winter. Oneis from the Kiev region, 
another from Dniepropetrovsk and three others from Poltava. 
Ina country which proclaimed the building of socialism, and 
in its propaganda abroad cried out for the protection of children 
as the future of humanity, the government enacted the following. 
"Children between the ages of two and thirteen were thrown 
out of their home by Shlekov, a Communist-thousander, 
who then locked the door of the house and warned all the 
villagers that if they dared give these children shelter they 
would meet a like fate on the next day." (The village of Bu- 
dyshcha). 
“We begged and pleaded to be allowed to spend one night 
in our home but to no avail. We were dragged outside and the 
door was locked against us." (Village of Verkhovytsia). 





174 





«Му younger brothers were thrown out the window into the 
deep snow. Swearing and cursing in filthy language the 
activists, propelling mother with the gun barrel and kicking 
the children along, pushed us out of our yard.” (Shtankiw 
village). 

“They placed us all on wagons with a few of our belongings, 
brought us near the hamlet of Lukashenki and dumped us near 
a ravine.” (Village of Bakayske). 

“Maria and her children were taken about one mile from 
the village and dumped in the snow like some unwanted 
garbage.” (Village of Fediyiwka). 


TARAS YAKYMENKO 


THEY RUINED MODEL FARMS 


Before the Revolution the village of Budyshcha, Lysianka 
district, Kiev region, consisted of 260 farmsteads with a popu!a- 
tion of 1,330 and 3,000 acres of land. At one time the village 
had a landlord, Pavlo Senko. But after the Revolution and the 
partition of land he was alloted twelve acres and became a re- 
gular farmer. 

D-e-kurkulization and collectivization began in 1929- 


175 


1930 and caught the former landlord in its web. He was robbed 
of absolutely everything he had, de-kurkulized, and with 
his wife and two children sent to the far North in spite of the 
fact that the whole village defended him as a good and upright 
citizen. 

Norenko was a model farmer. He was forty years of age 
and had a wife and five children. He was de-kurkulized in 
a most barbarous manner by a group of activists headed 
by a Russian, Shlukov. When they entered the house he 
ordered the others: "Take everything. Do not forget the 
freshly-baked bread.” All Norenko's property was taken away 
including livestock and machinery. Shlukov threw the children, 
who were between the ages of two and thirteen, out of the house 
into the snow and locked the door. Then he announced to the 
whole village: "Whoever gives this family shelter will meet a 
similar fate tomorrow." 

Then Hryhoriy Norenko and his wife took their children 
to the edge of a forest outside the village and in the bitter 
January cold dug themselves a cave ina gorge. In a few days, 
however, the GPU came to the new abode and arrested Norenko. 
His children soon died from exposure and hunger. The mother 
vanished and some time later her body was found on the frozen 
river. 

Classifying the middle and poor farmers as under-kur- 
kuls they de-kurkulized them in the same way as the 
kurkuls. Out of the 260 families of the village, 32 were 
de-kurkulized and most of them were sent to the far North. 

The rest of the villagers were forced to join the collective 
farm which was named "Morning Star." Later, because the 
latter was considereda Petlyurist term it was renamed “Open 
Fields” and still later “Bolshevik.” 

The church was closed in 1927. The priest left the village 
and the deacon was sent to the North. The church was used 
first as a granary and later as a recreation center. 


A. KOLODKO 


DE-KURKULIZING THE VILLAGE 
OF VERKHOVYTSYA 


The village of Verkhovytsya, in the Dniepropetrovsk 
region, was de-kurkulized on November 22, 1929. Acting 


176 





Executed Priests 


upon instructions from the Regional headquarters, the head of 
the village Soviet, Harasymenko, sold twenty-seven farms on 
that day for ridiculously low prices. The farms sold, or rather 
stolen, belonged to the following families: Chuhuyiv, four 
Oryshko brothers, three Palanytsya families, two Karpenko's, 
two Bilan's three Voloshyn's two Brovarets's, two Bezuhly’s, 
two Dubata's, two Karnaukh's, two Bereza's, two Owcharenko's, 
three Korolenko's, three Didukh's, three Borshatsky's, one Fe- 
dorenko, one Pereverza, one Rybalchenko, one Doroshenko, one 
Lyashenko, one Riznyk, one Kolodko and a number of others. 
My father, Kolodko, was levied a tax for 1,200 rubles, then 
an additional tax, then a cultural tax, then an income tax and 
finally an obligation tax for 2,000 rubles. Naturally it was 
impossible for him to meet all these obligations so he was 
arrested and on the same day his grain and livestock were taken 
away. The rest of his property including household possessions 
was "bought" by the so-called poor. My mother, my twelve- 
year-old sister and I stayed on in the house for a short time. 
Then on December 15, at 7 o'clock in the evening, three 
activists from the village Soviet appeared at our home, 
Bondarenko, Evtushenko and Heidik. They drove us out of the 
house just as we were. Neither tears nor pleas to allow us to 
a 


177 


spend one night in the house helped. Bondarenko even tore the 
felt boots off mother's feet and a fur jacket off my back. After 
we were out of the house they locked it against us. 

From December 15 until January 18 we roamed the village. 
The villagers were warned against giving us help and were 
afraid to offer us bread or take us in for the night. We roamed 
the village by day and slept in a shed at night. 

On January 18, 1930, we were told to appear at the collective 
farm. From there they sent us to a small station, Verkhovets. 
The next day we were loaded into a train car in which was our 
father, whom we recognized only by his voice. In two days we 
were on our way to the Urals. Our long train consisting of 
ninety cars, packed fifty to a car, all Ukrainian farmers, travelled 
{ог a month and a halt. We were brought to the Nadezhdinsk 
region as special settlers to work in the logging industry. 


A. ROMEN 
THROWN OUT OF HOME ON CHRISMAS EVE 


On December 24, 1929, the day before Christmas, we were 
preparing for our Christmas Eve Supper. Our father had been 
arrested earlier asa Petlyurist (soldier in Petlyura’s Ukrai- 
nian Liberation Army) and killed by the Communists. In the 
mid-afternoon we saw a vehicle approaching. We understood 
immediately what that meant — we would be thrown out of 
our home and de-kurkulized as the family of a Pet- 
lyurist. I snatched a coat and cap and jumped through the 
window but after running for more than a mile in the loose fresh 
snow I was caught, beaten with the gun barrel and brought 
back to the house. 

They carried out all our household goods and loaded them 
on the sleds. They rounded up the cattle and chickens. Having 
finished, the head of the village Soviet shouted to his 
activists: "Why are you standing there? Throw them out 
the window," pointing to the children. Then they threw my 
younger brothers through the window into the snow outside. 
They grabbed my mother, who had fainted, by the collar and 
shoved her through the door. The children cried and clung to 
mother. The activists swore and cursed in filthy language 
and propelling mother with the gun barrel and kicking the 


178 


children with their boots along the way they pushed us out of 
the yard. 

My mother and the five small children walked away down 
the street while I, being the oldest, was put on the sled and taken 
to the nearest station for deportation. That was the last time I 
saw my loved ones. When I returned from exile in 1941 I 
located their remains in the cemetery where they were buried 
after their terrible death in the famine of 1933. I arranged for 
Christian funeral rites for them and placed a cross on their 
communal grave. Ivan Klymko (from a pamphlet ALONG 
THE PATHS TO GOLGOTHA [in Ukrainian] by D. Solovey). 


TO A HOLE IN A CLIFF AND THE URALS 


In September, 1930, in the village of Bakayka, Reshetyliw 
district, Poltava region, many families were de-kurkulized 
and arrested. Among them were the three Tumak brothers with 
their families, Petro Blokha and family, Ivan Kisil and family, 
the Meleshko family and others. Arrested were young and old, 
women, children and infants. All were placed on wagons with a 
few belongings, such as some clothing, food and cooking utensils, 
taken near the small village of Lukashenky and dumped under 
a cliff. 

The villagers were forbidden to take these people into their 
homes but the victims were allowed to dig themselves caves in 
the cliff. Around nine caves were dug and two or three families 
lived in each one. Later, in October and November, when the 
wet, cold weather set in and finally snow, it became impossible 
to continue living in the caves. After persistent pleas. the 
village Soviet permitted the cave dwellers to be taken into the 
village homes. Because only ten homes comprised the tiny 
village each one took in several families. 

At the end of October about ten men were arrested. some 
of those brought in annd some of our local villagers. We were all 
taken to a prison on Kobylya Street, in Poltava, where with 
many other prisoners we were charged with plotting to over- 
throw the Soviet government. Those arrested in our village 
were: Semen Zhadan, Sydor Zhornyk. Ivan Klymko, Mykhail 
Klymko, the Tumak brothers, Petro Blokha and a few others. 

The remaining families were all arrested the following 
spring and with some of the local people were packed into a 


179 


freight train and transported to the Urals. А few people 
escaped and lived in Donbas — the Meleshka family for instance. 
Later they were arrested again and given ten years. 


IVAN KLYMKO 


THEY THREW THE CHILDREN INTO THE SNOW 


Maria Zhadan lived in the village of Feleyevtsi, Reshetyliw 
district, Poltava region. Her husband, Tymofiy, contracted 
tuberculosis in a cold prison and died‘in 1924. Maria had four 
children and owned 22 acres of land. Besides her home and farm 
she also had for collectivization two oxen and a cow. 

After the 1929 harvest Maria was asked to give 350 bushles 
of grain for taxes. She did not have that and as a kurkul 
was tried at a show trial in her own village. (Her husband had 
owned 98 acres of land and had also rented from the landlord 
before the Revolution). 

In December, 1929, a group of activists came to 
Maria's home. They were Hnat Luchko, Maxym Luchko, Fedir 
Verkhola and Pavlo Luchko. They told her: “This is not your 
home any more. You do not belong here. Take your children 
and go." 

A sled hitched to a nag waited outside, with Kyrylo Gedz 
from Chubiw as driver. The snow was knee-deep and the 
temperature was 22 degrees below zero F. Maria with the 
children, was placed on the sled in the garments they were 
wearing when the deputation arrived, for they were not even 
permitted to take warm clothing for the little ones. 

They were taken about a mile from the village and dumped 
in the snow like some unwanted garbage. 

For a few months Maria and her children lived with relatives 
in another village then, fearing arrest, she fled to Donbas. 

Maria’s home and farm provided the foundation upon which 
the collective farm in the village of Fediyiwtsi was built. 


1. NADDNISTROVY 


A FATHER SENT TO SIBERIA, THE CHILDREN 
FORCED TO BEG 


Ina hamlet of Uchastka, Orynynka district, Podillya region, 
lived Trokhym Zaverukha. He had a wife and five children, the 


180 


oldest of whom was ten. In 1928, during the land re-organiza- 
tion, he was evicted from his home and re-settled in the village. 
He was allotted some very poor land from which he found it 
difficult to support his family. 

In December, 1929, the grain collecting commission was 
taking away all the grain and food produce he had. He wanted 
to hide a little for his family’s needs and found a place in the 
cemetery where criminals and suicide victims were buried. 

One night he loaded a cart with grain and other supplies and 
was digging a hiding place with his wife when the commission 
caught them. The next day he was sentenced to six years in 
concentration camps. His wife and children were left without 
any food while the next harvest was six months away. 

The mother made sacks for the children and sent them 
through the village to beg but the people could spare nothing as 
they had little enough for themselves. As soon as the snow 
disappeared in some places the children searched for potatoes 
left in the fields from the fall harvest. Their mother grated the 
frozen potatoes and baked pancakes on which they managed to 
exist for a while. In spring they dug roots and sprouts out of 
the ground from which their mother made soup. They were 
refused food at the collective farm kitchen because they were 
children of an arrested man. 

Undernourishment and hunger became prevalent through- 
out the Ukrainian villages in the spring of 1930, after the first 
grain collecting plan had swept away all food and complete 
collectivization really began. Hardest hit were the large 
families with small children. 


E 
б 


The following documents tell of the methods of deporting 
de-kurkulized farmers to the far North. One briefly 
describes the trip of a group from Dniepropetrovsk and the 
second, by Ivan Klymko, the journey from Poltava to Arkhan- 
gelsk. “Whoever veers one step off the path will be shot.” 

They walked for ten days through deep snow, sleeping with 
small children under the open sky, on a bed of tree branches 
with only the bonfire for comfort. Such were the methods of 
transportation to the assigned points. 

P. Volohodsky tells of the deportation of such a group from 
Dniepropetrovsk to Vologda, and A. Romen of a group from 


181 


Poltava to the northern Urals. "The windows in the freight 
cars were boarded up tightly. Without fresh air and water 
people died in hordes, especially the children. Mothers and 
fathers collected their urine, cooled it and gave it to their sick 
children to drink." These were the conditions under which the 
latter group traveled. 


P. MEZHOVY 


ONE STEP OFF THE TRAIL AND YOU WILL BE SHOT 


Not long ago the hamlet of Husarsky, Mezhiw district 
Dniepropetrovsk region, was inhabited. It had nineteen 
farmsteads before collectivization destroyed it. 

Ten of the families were de-kurkulized and exiled in 
1929-30. Five families were de-kurkulized somewhat 
later and evicted from their homes. And four families were 
removed to the village of Vesele and forced to join the collective 
farm, where half of them died from starvation in 1933. 

The first ten de-kurkulized farmers were arrested in 
February, 1930, and five days after were taken to the railroad 
station in Demuruna and loaded into freight cars. The trap- 
doors were fastened with wire and padlocked. Later, their 
families were brought and loaded into the cars with them. I was 
among them. 

We were so tightly jammed it was impossible to walk or 
even crawl through the саг. We were issued three buckets to 
acar with the instructions that one was to be used for water, one 
for the latrine and one for soup. 

The children cried, the women wept, the men were silent 
and thoughtful. When the train pulled out at ten o'clock that 
evening hysterical lamentation from the women and children 
broke out in the dark train, joined by muffled sobs from the men. 
The GPU guard standing outside beat on the walls of the car 
with his rifle butt and bellowed, "Stop that noise," followed by 
the filthiest Russian curses. 

At the station, Prosyana, several more carloads of other 
dekurkulized victims were added to our train and we 
continued on our journey. The train stopped on side tracks of 
large stations only. After a long and arduous trip we reached 
the Arkhangelsk region. 

We came to a stop at the station of Mezhdudvorye and the 


182 





-— 
m d E 2 АНЬ 


652 =!) 1 


UAR uns dne eq 


Sany при релакці «ЗВЕЗДА» ia «ЗІРКА» 











ii бону nario sam нататку na заголовок 


Tipcxae асайно p AU ке. 
Sonara ас на прото! fam anie. k 
earn sores wa Gott бары эк. 
10, & B ato т. HT K A, anano а кт, Sener, 

im + 96-27 dae sin SUIS р. 7 


Orders threatening punishment for betrayal of denouncers 


183 


dcor opened with the order, "Get out of the train!" The men 
were told to form in line. Then the NKVD chief, Zaytscev, a 
man of medium height, wearing a fur coat with a belt around the 
waist. and having a stiff right leg and a whip, limped up to the 
men and announced: 

"I am a representative of the Soviet government and com- 
anander of this convoy. My assignment is to bring you to your 
destinaticn where houses are ready for you and where you will 
live very nicely." Then he asked if anyone had any complaints. 
After a silent pause he continued: 

“The distance from the railroad to your place of destination 
is ninety-three miles. Whoever takes one step off the trail will 
be shot." 

After ten days of walking through deep snow, sleeping with 
children under the open sky, on a bed of three branches with only 
a bonfire for comfort, we came to the village of Kuzminka, 
Nyandomsk district, Arkhangelsk region. The local residents 
had been removed from the village and it was encircled with 
three strands of barbed wire. Heavily armed GPU guards stood 
at the two gates. 

Five or six families were housed in each home, depending 
on the size of the house and the families. Two houses in the 
center of the village were assigned as offices for the super- 
intendant. In order to reach the office the gate guards had to be 
passed and they searched everyone thoroughly, asking questions. 

The next day we were given bread, 300 grams per adult and 
150 grams per child. Besides the bread and a little salt fish we 
received no other food. After three days all the men, my father 
and I included, were sent on a job floating logs fifty miles away. 
Our families stayed at the village. 

While at work we received 450 grams of bread and a herring 
for every two men daily. We had no other food although they 
promised that a shipment was on the way and we would soon get 
more. Needless to say the shipment never arrived. After some 
time, realizing that I was losing strength, I decided to flee. 

People were dying steadily. Two men from my village died 
at work and seven in the camp. Аз I was leaving three more 
died. 





184 


IVAN KLYMKO 


THE DE-KURKULIZED IN ARKHANGELSK 


In 1930 forty people were arrested in the village of Fe- 
diyiwka, Reshetyliw district, Poltava region. This happened at 
about the end of February or the beginning of March, when the 
roads were impassable. 

Prior to the Revolution these people were owners of land 
ranging from fifty to one hundred acres and before collectiviza- 
tion they had workers' allotments of no more than twenty-two 
acres, depending on the size of the family. 

Those arrested were Petro Yarovy, Nykyfor Yarovy, Petro 
Zhornyk, Marko Demyanka, and many others. They were all 
confined in the Fediyiwka Village Soviet. 

The next day wagons were driven up to the homes of the 
arrested to carry away their families. They were allowed to 
take some clothes and food with them. Everything else was left 
behind. There were about a dozen families, with grown-up 
children, numbering about a hundred people in all. 

The wagons drove up to the village Soviet, picked up the 
arrested men and took them all to the railroad station of Sa- 
haydak. There they were packed into a freight train which, 
under close GPU guard and with heavily bolted doors, took them 
to Arkhangelsk. No one attempted to escape. The women and 
children were not able to, and the men would not abandon them. 

It was never known how many of those people died or how 
many survived. All their property was appropriated by the 
village active, then headed by Radyon Demyanko, and later 
turned over to the collective farm. 


P. VOLOHODSKY 
ARMED GUARDS SURROUNDED THE VILLAGE 


The hamlet of Hanno-Tomakivka in the Verkhne-Dnie- 
provsk district had twenty-four farmsteads which, in 1929, were 
appropriated by the collective farm. All the property on these 
farm was socialized. 

In spite of this fact on February 24, 1930, two messengers 
came to the hamlet and announced that all men between the ages 
of 17 and 60, inclusive, were to report to the village Soviet. АП 
the men went and only a few returned that evening. The rest 


185 


were arrested and taken to regional headquarters. 

The following day, February 25, fifty activists, 
Communists and Komsomols, appeared in the hamlet, headed 
by Medvedev. Armed with rifles and pistols they surrounded 
the whole hamlet. Every home in which families were 
earmarked for deportation (relatives of the men held in the 
village Soviet), was guarded by three men. 

Finally, from Regional headquarters a Communist, Makha- 
rin, arrived and ordered all the families to be loaded on wagons 
and driven to the Verkhne-Dnieprovsk station. There they 
were joined by their men, who had been arrested earlier. 

"Together they were all packed into a freight train and 
shipped to Vologda in the far North. Other carloads of de- 
kurkuzized victims were added to the train in Dniepro- 
petrovsk and Synelnyko. The train was closely guarded by 
a GPU unit. 

I was only sixteen years of age at the time, so was not 
arrested. 


A. ROMEN 


UKRAINIANS SENT TO THE URALS 
FOR PHYSICAL EXTERMINATION 


Our family, then living in the hamlet of Shtankiw, neer the 

Our family, then living in the hamlet of Shtankiw, near the 
town of Romen, was de-kurkulized on December 23, 1929. 
Later I was arrested, questioned, beaten and thrown into prison. 
I escaped and found work in Mariupol as a blast-furnace loader 
and the same time attended school. 

On October 10 of the following year the GPU again arrested 
me. They took me to the station in Sartana and pushed me into 
a warehouse. It was already jammed full of people of all ages, 
whole, families, women, children, infants and the aged. All were 
Ukrainian workers, farmers and intellectuals who had been 
sentenced without trial as a "foreign class and unreliable 
element." All were being sent out of Ukraine to distant Siberia. 

That night we were driven like cattle into an unusually long 
train and packed sixty to a freight car. It was the second train 
pulling out of Sartana station where 9,000 people waited in 
horrible conditions to be shipped to the North. All the windows 
of the train cars were boarded tightly and we soon felt the lack 


186 


asqyouesy jo paatrdeg 





| [Piima] POULIN аео 

D NE Sas А : 

favegxen joc / ches а аюу 
225 


I WBusuev.gÁ oun вн sed! хиьйс ка woqi19EL eos. PAIN 

son ugg ~ „yug oy идобив odi, midzout Qj'u rewioutü eu ^ 05.2 
‘axed 2l Иан c ey lowe 94:89) of “fyeg! ен! 

Mhádeg ^w POW ан iIRRÁAdIOHT OU aedi хиһїсоиє uta 

92 'trsofm C mouimdoz atiod Y"soqroNU yun YET oshedu oro 

WATCH OOH HOO) wogestqowdos G) дад “42. o% ‘оноивонытоя 


Муся OM "энем теси ud стеакнсаи #9. Yrc^hUgdip*dg xweedit 



































WhdooWe f нннаиясном Tecduzo я wWwkws {асир srowidosol А i x 
х, 4 1 рч, cott m 
Б ue } : : TEE YE. ) 
Tere 44 - Mei giri] 
a Eom I 

ан» о от 

oe t EM dou "7a — 





187 












Serer lone Bomas тө льону, » 511049 
вол samet Leu. 


» E oH g iyunga wfowenax устонов 8 2) 

О pe Me EN 
onis! 

| UE A Se МИНЕТ 


vi as МЕЕ 


sia ce 
b UI 
takoni домой | 
‚рим goats 











6: Specie 
" 
Hop 
i E лагади ц еннай rs tsk 
Про swxei заход mareto E 





fort пухдиве € mring, 


Про ain 
i [CD а aus аи 









дубана 
Ў 


Av 








Catastraphic decline in production 


of fresh air. The children, the sick and the old suffered un- 
bearably. 

Once every four days the guards opened the doors. They 
were the so-called "regimen days" when each carload of peoplt 
received ten gallons of water and each person a kilogram of 
bread. Soon people began to die, particularly the old and the 
children. The dead bodies remained in the cars until the “re- 
gimen days” when the guards threw them out into the ditches 
along the tracks. 


188 


In desperation the parents collected their urine, cooled it, 
and gave it to their sick children to drink. 

On the sixteenth day of our journey we came to the Na- 
dezhdinsk station in the northern Urals. We were unloaded, the 
guards immediately surrounded us and drove us on foot for 45 
miles to the east. ‘There we built a camp and worked on the rail- 
road which was being built to Nadezhdinsk. 


б 


The íollowing íour documented accounts by living 
witnesses, are concerned with the living and working conditions 
ofthe d e-kurkulized in concentration camps. 

"In Vologda — all the wall spaces of the church were filled 
with tiers of plank-beds. Over 10,000 people were housed in that 
church. All other churches and monasteries of the town were 
similarly packed. During the months of March, April and May 
25,000 people died." By F. Pravoberezhny. 

"From our contingent of 4,800 prisoners 2,300 remained 
alive six months after arrival. The others died from cold, 
hunger, disease and suicide." A. Romen on a concentration camp 
in northern Urals. 

“The terrible conditions of overwork and hunger soon 
reduced our trainload of prisoners by 80 per cent,” writes Andriy 
Kolodko of a concentration camp in Sverdlivsk region. 

“Go and save your lives. We must die here.” Those were 
the last words of P. Volohodsky's mother as he parted from her 
on his flight for freedom. 


F. PRAVOBEREZHNY 


CHURCHES IN VOLOGDA BECOME SHELTERS 
FOR THE DE-KURKULIZED 


At the beginning of February, 1930, we were brought to Vo- 
logda. All the men between the ages of 14 and 55, inclusive, 
were separated from the rest of the group and told that they 
would go to adjoining villages to prepare homes for their 
families. The majority of them never saw their loved ones 
again. 

As my father related to me later, they were taken beyond 
Totma, to a camp division, Volochka, situated in the dense taiga 
some 300 miles away. There they made camp out in the open. 


189 


The next day they were given some tools and told to build 
themselves dwellings. When the men managed to throw 
together a few pitiful structures they were driven into the forest 
to cut logs. 

As the men were departing from our camp my mother hid 
me in the crowd and so I was left with her and my twelve-year- 
old sister in Vologda. After the men were gone we were taken 
to a large church in the town, the Church of the Holy Protector, 
which was said to have been built by Ivan the Terrible. 

All the wall space of the church was lined with tiers of 
plank-beds. To reach the top beds tall ladders were used. Over 
10,000 people were housed in that church. 

All the other churches and monasteries were similarly 
packed. In the Good Friday Church 7,500 people were jammed; 
in the Holy Savior Church 4,000; in the Church of St. Peter and 
Paul, 5,000, and so оп. All the town warehouses, auditoriums, 
and barracks were filled and even the huge prison which housed 
16,000 to 17,000. 

Our own church was like a beehive. Any semblance of 
sanitation was impossible. The children, nearly all barefoot, and 
the sick, gratified their needs right in the building. The dead 
bodies also stayed inside. They were collected once a day, 
usually in the morning. The church was unheated although the 
cold reached 40 degrees below zero. 

People died by the dozen daily. During the months of 
March, April and May 25.000 perished in all the churches. In 
May my mother and sister also died. 


A. ROMEN 


PHYSICAL DESTRUCTION IN THE TAIGA 


At the end of October, 1931, our freight train, carrying a 
full load of Ukrainian workers, farmers and intellectuals, stopped 
in the midst of the silent taiga, 43 miles from Nadezhdinsk. As 
we all trudged on through the deep snow our guards suddenly 
came to a halt and one of them sneered, pointing to the dense 
taiga. 

“Your Ukraine is right here. Whoever tries to escape will 
be shot." 

We tried to shape some kind of shelters from tree branches 
and dig caves in the ground. We kent a bonfire burning 


190 


constantly, Each day was harder to bear. Cold weather was 
setting in and people caught chills. In December they died like 
flies, not only the children, the aged and the sick, but everybody. 
Painful, heartrending cries were constantly heard from children 
suffering frostbite. Some people went insane. Mothers killed 
their children and then committed suicide. Every morning new 
frozen bodies were hanging from tree tops. 

In January, 1932, we completed our primitive barracks with 
great difficulty. At least we could protect ourselves from the 
bitter cold but we now suffered with different diseases, scurvy, 
typhus, dysentery and others. The people were hungry and 
run-down and had no resistence against disease. They died in 
great numbers. 

By April, six months after our arrival, 2,300 people remained 
alive out of the 4,800. The rest died from exposure, starvation, 
disease, and suicide. Those who tried to escape were caught and 
shot or sent to special concentration camps. Those who were 
not, perished in the impenetrable taiga from exposure and 
starvation. 

In any case, escape was impossible. Siberian natives stalked 
the taiga with shot guns, more on the look-out for refugees than 
wild animals. For each one they caught they received 100 
rubles, a bushel of flour and a quart of vodka from the Soviet 
government. 

In such conditions we built the railroad to Nadezhdinsk. 
The railroad station built on our camp site was named Stalin. 

After a year I fled from the camp. 





ANDRIY KOLODKO 
THE DE-KURKULIZED — SPECIAL SETTLERS 


The de-kurkulized farmers from the village of Ver- 
khovets, Dniepropetrovsk region, together with thousands of 
farmers from other Ukrainian regions, were brought to the 
forest in the Nadezhdinsk district, Sverdlovsk region. They 
were unloaded into the snow about six feet deep. The frost 
registered at 75 degrees below zero. 

"Right here you will build your homes. Do not ask for 
food. You should have brought that with you," was what the 
chief guard informed us. 

Without even an axe or a saw we began building huts from 


191 


tree branches. In two weeks all the children, the sick and the 
aged had frozen to death. The number of prisoners did not 
decrease, however, for two or three train-loads arrived daily with 
new vicums, all de-kurkulized Ukrainian farmers. 

Later we worked in the forest cutting logs for barracks. 
The daily quota assigned to us was 590 cu. ft. of logs for every 
two men. Those who completed their quotas received one 
pound of flour, ground from corn together with the cobs, per 
week. Those who could not received nothing at all. 

Terrible hunger set in. In six months only 20 per cent of 
our train-load of prisoners survived. In that time my parents 
and twelve-year-old sister died. 

If we talked with the local people we were warned against 
saying that we were de-kurkulized and brought here by 
force but were told to say that we were “special settlers.” 

Having buried my parents and sister I decided to escape to 
save my own life. With two fellows from my own village, 
Brovarets and Korol, I made plans and one stormy night we 
broke through the guard line and fled westward. 

For a while I lived as a fugitive, but was later caught and 
sentenced to five years which I was serving when the Second 
World War broke out. 


P. VOLOHODSKY 


THE DE-KURKULIZED IN A CONCENTRATION CAMP 
BEYOND VOLOGDA 


We were brought to Vologda on March 14, 1930. At the 
station we were all searched. The men were separated and taken 
away. Later we learned that they had gone to Totma region, 
140 miles away, to cut logs. 

Those of us who were unfit for such work were settled in 
the center of the town in St. Andrew's Church where four tiers 
of plank beds were already erected along the walls. It was very 
difficult for the people, in their weakened condition, to climb up 
tothose beds. Allthe food which we had tried to bring with us 
had been taken away and we now lived on the balanda (soup 
made from refuse) given us and 200 grams of bread which we 
received daily per person. The children also received the same 
rations. By the end of two months half of the children had died. 
On May 20, 1930, those who had survived, and had not escaped, 


192 












Mi Е 
nix Bre to ё nz, np ба 





"m 
EA ba (run z apts ae " 
9и др A nella, A iis f Sco vsenatinns vens 
7 y fle 81ка вё тта, fes ЕЯ agja ae Lé pnan стезятаса 
tdi m da Me merae т 
ape earn паве madenn, e Фойхалауак, га 
PE: Bb seartoin, чей ке, афт ион 
aee gl re uci tmr, venons cd 
ie са Ln s Lures me nll n 
у тарзе ТЕТЫ m 
fei за uris pni pisa servit bone, 
"rp sar is me re 
d iih ate Aer riget pean n que 
eine npe aurey Ge Aun tal их 
, Medo, dune e im легочного 
i а ng в житя, adennonene, 
< м quel we Em cB 


d. змей ee ibd eei Irpyana, 


pus 
ve e Gan к9н S 













Uns 





Instruction of the application of terror against farmers 


193 


were piled on to a barge and taken down the river to the town 
of Totma. 

In the confusion of this transfer of prisoners I managed to 
get away and even reached Ukraine, but was then caught and 
thrown in the GPU prison in Dniepropetrovsk. At first I refused 
to admit that I was a refugee from exile but the investigator 
searched the card index and found the report about me. "We 
know everything,” he stated in a self-satisfied manner and I was 
sent to join my folks in Totma. I was then 16 years of age. 

When I arrived there I discovered that my father was dead. 
The people lived in rnud huts in the deep forest. We worked 
long hours every day receiving 300 grams of bread and some 
cereal as our daily ration. The camp was divided and each 
division had a "commandant," three “des yatnyks” and two 
"militiamen" who formed the ruling body. They were all 
employed from the local population. The "commandant" opened 
all our mail and parcels, which were received once in a great 
while by prisoners who had relatives back home, seldom handing 
them to us. They had supreme power over us and there was no 
one to complain to if we were mistreated. 

I realized that I could not survive in that camp. One day 
my mother blessed me and two other youths saying, “Со and 
save your lives, for we must die here. There is no one to help 
us. Remember us always." 


L. LAVRENTIY 


PERSECUTED BY THE BOLSHEVIKS, 
SHOT BY THE GERMANS 


Hryhoriy Kravchenko lived in the village of Konovaliwka, 
Nekhvoroshchan district, Poltava region. His parents died 
during the Revolution and at 16 he took up farming. When 
1930 came, because he was a good framer, he was taxed heavily 
by the Soviet government and being unable to meet the 
impossible demand was sentenced to seven years in concentra- 
tion camps. 

On November 20, 1930, after spending some time in the 
Kharkiw prison, he was put on a freight train with other 
prisoners and shipped to the far East. During the trip the 
prisoners received 300 grams of bread and one salty fish for 
every three persons. They were given no water so they 


194 


scraped the frost which collected on the walls of the cars. There 
were 45 people in a car and all slep on the floor. It took them 
a month to reach Khabarovsk and three people in Kravchenko's 
car died on the way. 

From there he was transported by boat to Kamchatka where 
he worked on a secret Army project. 

In 1937, having served his full sentence and given a written 
promise not to divulge the secret project, he returned home, and 
learned that his wife and three children had died in the famine 
0f 1933. According to NKVD regulations he was not permitted 
to live in his native village so he went to Donbas and worked as 
a coal miner until the coming of the Germans. 

In 1941 he returned to his village where he became head 
of the community and divided the collective farm among the 
villagers. For that he was shot by the Germans on December 
29, 1941. 


os 
v 


The concentration camp in the near North — Arkhangelsk, 
Vologda and western Siberia — were filled very quickly with the 
de-kurkulized farmers and the Sov'et government began 
shipping them to the far East — Kamtchatka and Sakhalin. 
One of the following documented accounts is of work in a con- 
centration camp in Kamchatka and another — a Soviet document 
— about settling them in Sakhalin, encouraging them by 
promises that they would go as free settlers. 


SETTLING THE PRISONERS IN SAKHALIN 


According to information from Moscow, January 
8, People's Commissar Comrade Yantsov stated that 
plans to settle those sentenced for longer periods in 
Sakhalin, have been completed. Agreement has been 
reached with the government trust companies for 
developing the natural resourses of Sakhalin. 

From among all those sentenced for longer 
periods, certain cases will be picked with consideration 
as to the degree of their social menace and skill, such 
as lumbering, carpentry, etc. In Sakhalin they will live 
in freedom and will receive from the trust company 
65 per cent of the pay of free workers. 

After six months of good behavior their pay will 


195 


АС Се sein айра та chm та musice TD 
Y ^ i 
















iyamuxe ALOTRARMI акремих о pr, n paz 
2 Diaae ca DANY Хава TRAC IRE namie, 


MONATE SMS AAEBHRYOEAKL обартунев тичне XR 
"E A 










EN > 
в a tana буа: 
а Rinse паз нута At КИ 


протест opt tana RENS ERR” Ni 
р UMS EUR 








i-a TRORA DAR SERS ЕВЕ. 

трі KARORO грне, DAKO NOANTOMOT PolETR THAR nboTANUT 

НЕЙ 
И а 















sitae, pas 





nape чавго 








vent Mem ptos Ap wee 
Specs анага, AOE ы KWApTAZS вд mencany, жў 
ЗМЕИ ТО KAATOA, ART WARIKONGRNG DUXAELARERIO. „Лл MMR алта. 


WOO p d туен, қо ‚о миконаная KORNAK селом GAPE IAN RAR! AD 
NANY NALOR Ноа бомїлтгьты capTaaendpene KROLARS RE et 
ЧАЗЕЦаьих Ynary ааериіть як кідокдекня NA Смак» ARMINI à 

КЕЙ рии ni moni Bi nas! apontam, b 

ЗАЗёопечети PRASOANAG NR XONIANNS MIDUYI TA ARCATROTY TA обеты 

".лянтахенят такого ма MMNOTANTINS қунк?а ÇANP-XAIGA, Np monde 

Ma AVNNROTRIR пера. STANA CHRM EPA RAL AYTRY TTG. знаки MIKE 

Caan, PUXTATLUYT, KO ФУЧАОН И XE MNK 

SHMAFROTD KORO lene? XOG LNRORTA Ei го ac nC NOCT 


LENA стена! nid роботи ка 
. Bases nima SANUS aes Sey 
САРАЕ ИНАЯ O p A pope ene орт GEAR У 
у Me пете om spna ? х 
ts Persae 3 as 
i eae Ta rinor сакуезар / 
Threat for not supplying grain 



























be boosted 10 per cent and finally they will be able to 
earn up to 90 per cent of the wages of the free labor. 
Every assistance will be rendered the prisoners’ 
families to settle them in Sakhalin... 
(Visti, January 8, 1930). 


THE KURKULS FLEE TO THE TOWNS 


Expelled from the regions of complete collectiviza- 
tion, the kurkuls are fleeing to the towns and 
penetrate to the factories. According to the news- 
poper KOMMUNIST, the factory “The Red Star”, in 


196 


the Kherson district, has recently started to take on 
more workers. Of the 1,100 newly employed, 571 have 
connections with farming, among whom no less than 
50 are kurkuls. 

In the disguise of workers they are trying to 
hinder in every way the work of the factories. They 
are absent from work and spend their time drinking. 
For instance, Udovychenko is ай imposiez and 
drunkard, Bezserdechny obstructs discipline and at 
home hid his grain surpluses, Bayda is a former 
Petlyurist, Drozdov is a former Junker (landowner). 
and so forth. 

At the plenum of the village Soviet in the village 
of Lelekiwka a foundry worker, Kryzhanovsky, 
agitated in the presence of 180 farmers against in- 
dustrialization and the five-year plan. 

In the mechanical division is a worker, Zhulchen- 
ko, son-in-law of a kurkul, who has been assigned 
to give the state four tons of grain. Next to him 
works Zaporozhan who maliciously kept out of the 
reach of the grain collecting plan. Kolessa was twice 
laid off for drunkenness. 

The factory managements do not pav sufficient 


attention to the contamination in their factories. 
(Pravda, February 11, 1930. 


Y. BONDAR 


THE FARMERS WERE CAUGHT. 
IMPRISONED AND DEPORTED 


In 1929, when d e-kurkulization began, my father fled 
to Donbas. I was left alone with my mother in the house which 
was stripped of everything by collectivization. We lived in the 
hamlet of Novo-Mykhailiwka, Sakhnovshchana district, Kharkiw 
region. 

I decided to go to Donbas too. I boarded the train in 
Sakhnovshchyna and got as far as Lozovoy when I discovered 
that people were snared like rabbits in the station. All trains 
were checked and travellers without documents were arrested 
and put in the basement. I was one of many. We spent a whole 
month there. All were Ukrainian farmers. 


197 


When our relatives learned of our misfortune they came 
with food. The guards questioned them and threw them into the 
basement also. And so basements became packed. 

In February we were all put into freight trains and 
transported to the North. Because I was young, 20 years, I was 
sent to Sakhnov and again confined in a basement. My new 
cell-mates were also Ukrainian farmers. 

Perhaps due to my youth I was released and went home to 
my mother. She was living in a different house. At this time 
Stalin published the article, “Intoxication From Success.” 
People took the:r livestock irom the collective farms and the 
collectivization structure was tottering. 

I tried again to go to Donbas and this time was more 
successful. I reached Chasovy Yar and found my father there. 
He had acquired an oid horse and worked at the brick factory 
hauling clay. There were Ukrainian farmers there at that time. 
It seemed as if farmers from all over Ukraine were seeking 
refuge in Chasovy Yar. They each had the same job as my 
father and lived in mud huts and caves near the factory. There 
I spent the summer and fall of 1930 in comparative peace. 

Then in February, 1931, many GPU agents appeared one 
night and raided the place. All those pitiful de-kurkulized 
farmers who had found themselves a spot where, by honest, hard 
labor they could earn their bread, were arrested and their horses 
and wagons were confiscated. Because at that time my father 
was away with his team I was taken instead. We were locked 
up in the theatre. 

On the theatre stage sat five investigators at separate tables 
and called in turn those wizened old farmer-labor?rs for qucstion- 
ing. Eventually my turn came. 

"Where is your father?" asked the investigator. 

"He is not here. He went away to look for other work." 

“Was your father de-kurkulized?” 

“Yes,” 

“Go and wait in the vestibule.” 

I waited for about half an hour and was set free. The next 
morning all those arrested were loaded into a freight train and 
under heavy guard sent to Siberian concentration camps. A few 
escaped and returned to Chasovy Yar but GPU agents in plain 
clothes trailed and shot them. 


198 


A few managed to hide as the train was pulling out of the 
station. They were Savatiy Semenets, Serhiy Semenets and a 
couple of others. 










YS 
s 





à а h Ч paate eS er alu ie 
S : TRE | 


Meter sasatan wit OPUN, marti J jenen а 











a onn sees Ves НИ 





ВАЗА о коес дя nranesaporen. “grains, бряурачичэя norumiy eres stss 
wor © Le p OAOE uu OHOP HE Ea PASUMA) ; 
2 permane ropes erivtey 25 ДОДАЙ УЛЕТЕТЬ Cr Fase 


i тава ise 


















UM E 


| Ч, Mer. AR ЕВ 
[ OORA TALEO ЗНАТЬ а hòr VTE, QU 
Janet Inn 
] ооо apse eain 1 





fnew амра ММ ee ate 


sls s onean ктъботаротељек # 421 $ 
4) ab 


t о 
dense тать Aud 


Additional Requisition of Grain 


199 


У. BONDAR 


PERSECUTION OF THE DE-KURKULIZED 
IN INDUSTRIES 


Having successfully avoided arrest and deportation in 
February, 1931, a fate suffered by all other de-kurkulized 
farmers living in Chasovy Yar, our family moved to another 
town to seek a livelihood. We were in dire circumstances. Our 
family consisted of eight members, of whom three were capable 
of earning. We could not find a place to live. 

We begged for a place to dig a cave and were told to go to 
the cemetery. Finally, for 20 rubles a month, we were able to 
rent a mud hut built in a clay pit about six square yards in area. 
The back wall was the wall of the pit and the front wall had 
a window about one foot square. 

I worked in the mine for nearly two years. For all this time 
of my Stakhanovite labor, never taking a single day off, 
I was able to save for a new pair of shoes. The rest of my 
earnings went to feed the family which was languishing in that 
mud hole. We were hungry and bloated from starvation. Two 
members of our family died in those horrible living conditions. 

In 1932 I was summoned by the military commission to be 
drafted into the Red Army. I was asked to show the 
certificate of my social origin. I did not possess such a certificate 
and was sent to the village of Sakhnov for it. I came to the 
secretary of the village Soviet whom I discovered to be an old 
acquaintance of mine, Hryhoriy Hawrysh. He flatly stated that 
he would not give me the certificate and moreover did not wish 
to see me again. 

T returned to the military commission and was sent to Vo- 
roshylovgrad where I was taken into the Army but only as a 
guard in the Air Force stationed in Crimea. 


У. BONDAR 


ABUSE OF WORKERS IN DONBAS (DONETS BASIN) 


In 1931 I worked in a mine in Donbas. The work was 
carried on in three shifts beginning at 6 A.M., 2 Р.М. and 10 
A.M. 

Before each shift the workers were given a “work-out.” 
They were criticized, agitated and driven. As is known, there 


200 


were great numbers of de-kurkulized farmers in Donbas 
at that time who were trying to save themselves and their 
families from concentration camps. They lived in caves and mud 
huts, had no food and were constantly hiding from GPU agents. 
Out of desperation some of them took to drinking. This resulted 
in absenteeism from work at the mines. Officially this was 
called “simulation” and hideous propaganda was directed at this 
offence. 

For example, the activists staged vulgar parties. They 
would dig a pit in the open field, nail together a box and to the 
accompaniment of accordion music and loud threatening speech- 
se against the “simulants” bury the box—symbol of the “simu- 
lants.” 

If anyone missed a day's work he would not get paid at the 
regular pay-office but would be asked to go to pay-office No. 2. 
This was a wooder construction made to resemble a huge bottle 
about nine or ten feet high. About six feet from the ground was 
a wicket against which a ladder was leaning. The cashier sat 
inside at a small table. To receive their pay, people climbed the 
ladder while musicians stood arond and played plaintive tunes. 

Among the group which was forced to receive its pay in this 
humiliating manner were those who suffered with contusions 
of the feet or hands. Because the management would not allow 
them time to have these wounds attended to they were forced 
to stay away without permission. 

Sometimes this was reason enough to have one’s ration card 
taken away. When that happened it was not an easy matter to 
secure another one. 


M. SOLOMON 
DE-KURKULIZED YOUTH FLED TO THE TOWNS 


To avoid arrest and deportation to Siberia great numbers 
of the rural young people fled to the cities and towns at the 
beginning of collectivization in 1929. There they tried to secure 
work, attend schools and acquire some trade or profession in 
order to better their own and their families’ circumstances. 

Most of them travelled on false passports usually made out 
with fictitious names and class origin. They were sons and 
daughters of well-to-do or middle farmers. 

I, too, was one of the fugitive youths. After my father was 


201 


dekurkulized І went to Poltava which had many good 
schools. Poltava was not an industrial center so was not on the 
state bread supply plan, but depended on the local supply. This 
meant it could only get what multure its local flour mills, which 
milled flour for the farmers in the district, could supply. And 
because the farmers ground what little grain they had on their 
home-made grind-stones the large flour mills had a very un- 
certain and unsteady source of multure. Asa result the students 
in Poltava often went for days without bread, which was rationed 
according to physical exertion. 

1 category — those doing heavy labor — 460 grams 





daily. 

2. Second category — other laborers — 300 grams daily. 

3. Third category — cffice workers, workers’ dependents 

and students. 

Besides bread, we received dinners in cafeterias which 
consisted of boiled cabbage, and on rare occasions a potato. 

It was impossible to study while constantly hungry and 
many students went to industrial cities in Russia where there 
was no famine. After the winter vacation, 1932-33, more than 
half the students did not return to ther sturies, and by spring 
no more than one-third still persisted. 

In addition, the government conducted periodical purges 
of the students, looking for the kurkul elements. In May, 
1933, I became a victim of one of these purges. 


W. MEDVID 
SOURCE OF THE HOMLESS IN THE USSR 


We lived in Taman, in Kuban. My father was arrested in 
1928 in connection with the Kuban-Ukraine Associaton and after 
18 months of investigation was sentenced to be shot. Later, this 
verdict was changed to ten years of hard labor in the far East. 

In 1929 our farm was confiscated. In 1931 my mother, my 
8 year sister and I, aged 6, were banished north beyond the Urals 
with hordes of other “class enemies.” 

When our train reached the Urals the guards relaxed their 
vigilance somewhat, especially over the children, who jumped 
off at stops to beg for bread or water from bystanders. At one 
such stop the train left before I had time to get on again. I lost 
my mother. 


202 


And so I became a homeless waif when I was barely seven. 


hildren and we roamed 
western Siberia until we 


I joined a group of other homeless сі 
through towns and railroad stations in 


finally found ourselves in Cei 
This was in the fall of 1931. 


in the town Alma-Ata. 


There we were taken by the police 


ntral Asia, 


I stayed 












8 0205 пвихиихи аа 
ау инвохаони ти odu Ан 
‘era * ахои exAdg *g 





Ана О 1609 зе ыт 
ma ed xwhdopwa Af =. 
онъ OOD ood BL HEV СУ 









рт А Quoy ouker«oRom wavcAhodorng ahia = 
L1 оар othe OrDj Ow HE ‘трызциех 15905050209 (wx 
MpruogHrd Sy Гиза dej вик GORGIO of 


они wuHefrmOu OOo? R 
5 захиа QUWETEAIM du ow “Aroak чи 


*EnguroxiG ў 2 козутбсоебяеп онооони 
{HUN OD +19 7 
xwsvdu xundogus А вннаряониув 6 О I eB] 


 Aügaemann rag im wr "C CIO зин HM OM QAI TRU A 

s [21 инилвт Oj-5y xja ‘romONIM KUT одоячоня mow T reci pen 
ge 3 KOROLO & Qua Ap 

Wr. SE > 









children's home" in Moscow, named after Gorky. 


and sent to Chelyabinsk. We were sanitized and sent on to a 
there until Spring 1932. 





203 


Then a group of us fled from the "home" making our way 
south to a warmer climate. We were caught in Odessa, sanitized 
and sent to a "children's home" in Cherkasy. 

Ilived there for some time and attended school. In 1939 I 
learned of my parents’ whereabouts, I located my father who 
had served his term and then free. I met my mother in 1940. 
She and my sister were saved from concentration camps by 
friends who supplied false documents for them in 1933. 

During the Second World War, despite two years’ Army 
training, I refused to fight for the “socialist state.” I now live in 
the U.S.A. 


THE HOMELESS IN THE CAPITAL CITY 


Too often we can still see homeless waifs on the 
city streets of the capital. They are especially found in 
the crowds around the market-places. Here may be 
heard filthy curses, and embarrassing situations may 
be encountered, to say nothing of the possibility of 
falling victim to pick-pockets while shopping. 

In this case the homeless must not be blamed too 
much because if they beg in an honest way they get 
nothing. All beggars have become а nuisance. Anyway 
the waifs are but a minor problem. 

On the streets there are often homeless peoole of 
a different sort. They may be encountered in re- 
staurants, taverns and other public places. There are 
also many beggars from the villages — young and old. 

There are beggars everywhere, hanging around 
theatres, restaurants or outside bakeries begging for a 
crust of bread, and even just sitting on the cold 
pavement on the main streets wailing sorrowful songs. 

(Visti, February 5, 1930). 


204 


CHAPTER Ш. 


ANNIHILATING THE CHURCH AND DESTROYING 
RELIGIOUS LIFE 


The Marxian slogan, “religion—opiate of the people," was 
nothing more than propaganda for a long time. Churches of 
all denominations in the USSR continued to function even 
though with the advent of the Bolsheviks all church properties 
were expropriated, by a special decree, by the state. 

Religious life was then financially supported by the people. 
Christian traditions and morals were preserved by the family 
and home. The people were allowed to use the churches as 
they wished, some of them rich architectural monuments of 
the different nations of the USSR. For this privilege they paid 
big taxes to the state, and also supported the clergy and other 
church servants. 

Then the internal war began in the USSR. The Commun- 
ists well know the moral strength that the church gave the peo- 
ple and so, with the beginning of collectivization, decided to 
destroy it. With the help of the village actives, who de- 
kurulized the farmers, they started their attack by taking 
down church bells and closing the churches and continued by 
arresting and deporting the clergy along with de-kurkul- 
ized farmers, 

It was a fierce hard struggle. The people resisted strongly, 
especially the women (see "Resistence of the Women", Chap- 
ter VI). 

Unlike de-kurkulization, collectivization or even 
famine, the destruction of the church and religious worship by 
the Communists gained world-wide attention. This happened 
during the severe persecution following the callous anti-religious 
campaign throughout the Christmas season of 1929-30, when 
city parks were filled with mountains of bibles and other re- 
ligious books and ikons. The Archbishop of Canterbury then 
made a statement and so did Pope Pius XI. An anti-Soviet 


205 


campaign started up in the outside world which even the Com- 
munists could not ignore. 

Trying to save their prestige before the outside world, the 
Communists found а few clergymen of the Russian Orthodox 
Church, who had not yet been shot, formed a Synod and in its 
name gave an interview to the press contradicting the reports 
that religion in the USSR was persecuted and even passed a 
resolution by the Central Committee of the Communist Party 
that, in future, persecution and destruction of religion was pro- 
hibited. All that was done, of course, for the benefit of external 
propaganda, for persecution and destruction of religion con- 
tinued unabated. 

In 1934, in Kiev, capital of Ukraine, churches of inestima- 
ble value as historical monuments were totally ruined. In con- 
nection with collectivization the Ukrainian Autocephalous Or- 
thodox Church, on which the Communists began an attack 
back in 1923, was completely annihilated. Scores of bishops 
and archbishops were exterminated as well as thousands of 
priests and tens of thousands of the faithful. Most of them 
died in concentration camps in the North. Churches were 
turned into community centers, storage houses for farm pro- 
duce, or simply demolished. 

Following are documents with scores of facts about the 
destruction of churches in different Ukrainian villages and 
towns. Some are excerpts from the Soviet press itself. 

The reader тау judge for himself all the horror and heart- 
break which went with the annihilation of religion. 


ANTI-RELIGIOUS MOVEMENT ORGANIZED 
BY THE GOVERNMENT 


According to RATU (Radio-Telegraph Agency) 
information a movement is spreading throughout 
Ukrainian villages for the eppropriaticn of churches 
by cultural-educational institutions. Only recently did 
the Ukranian Supreme Soviet gratify the demands of 
the workers in the village of Buryma, Konotop dis- 
trict, to use one frame church as a public school. 

In the Zaporozhe region workers in a shoe fac- 
tory, the factory "Internationale," and the firemen's 
union, "Dnieprelstan," have decided to ask the town 





Soviet to start a petition for the use of the church 


bells by the school. 


szəwze; pernmozm-op Joruo3 oj 19pio 


ar FToamedogs окута woven usta g 


GOLE «926и їр $10149) omus toy og 
UVUOEND okno soog > 
pouvosuk ur кенті $ 





X T v'usiodürog20) nicioY whe €or es? озона [HOO WW HON EE 
жәр хора си Zune makéaionus duhxiciéigu ти порча 2 
bud ee Lor tavencctl Иена waipa ау баск XY Ca eser OR TUN yy 
Teouowwmodu wu аухянатрої Hogan rdu xunibdué aon >И OmWXQU00 — 


j^ -ænog 4 чалав Okjgbaün d 54454050190 eMac co олончым [UO ON 
T MAGKUMENR ou RXYIROY Dig] ";MuorAXIvXOUO Хуа онөнчыј&е M IDEA 
445,00 адои je 35 
musealxibieci q30-1íem/]r 6552408204 oWok qu'riMuhoNGuE ak 
b kexKraoK xxn в «adín]«olon'mo«:w'aiJoJ41]o мии, Lo ls 
a 








ох MGSO drcouíwm oiu BAY] кои‘ жи мои ды 
A EE ИМАВ Yycitze) Raed nx ане сата 


Other villages responded to the decision in the 
following manner. In the village of Krabovka, Pryl- 


uky region, a general meeting decided to hand the 





207 


church over for cultural purposes. The villagers of 
Vladova voted unanimously that the monastery 
church be used to house the new electric plant which 
will serve the Vladova workers and the collective 
farm. 

(Visti, July 4, 1929) 


жеее 


In the small town of Zhurafa, in Mohyliw region, 
a group of atheists instigated an anti-religious cam- 
paign among the Jewish population. On September 
29, members of the synagogue "'Sadihun" unanimous- 
ly carried a motion at a general meeting to turn the 
synagogue into a community center. 

The Jewish national village Soviet repaired the 
synagogue with the money raised by their own con- 
tributions and on October 14, a Jewish feast day, 
“Уопа Cooper's Рау”, they officially and with proper 
ceremony handed the synagogue over for the center. 

Clubs and Red centers in industries of Kiev are 
preparing for an anti-Christmas campaign. 

In St. Volodymyr's Cathedral an all-Ukrainian 
anti-religious museum will open soon. Ап anti-relig- 
ious exhibition will be held, a stage show, etc. The 
clubs are holding special anti-religious evenings. 

(Visti, December 14, 1929) 


THE CHURCHES ARE CLOSED, THE BELLS 
TAKEN DOWN 


The Kharkiw Komsomol Organization has form- 
ed special brigades which travel to rural areas hold- 
ing meetings and aiding the anti-religious movement. 

On the evening of December 25 a mammoth car- 
nival will be held by the young people of Kharkiw. 
The workers in most of the factories have announced 
their decision to work on Christmas Day. At the 
same time they are making demands on the govern- 
ment to consider the possibility of turning Christmas 
Day into a special day for the benefit of industriali- 
zation. 

The Kharkiw workers’ patronage organizations 


are sending to the villages of the Kharkiw Region ten 
brigades with actors, films, movie projectors and en- 
tertainment groups. 

In Hadyach only 22 Trade union clubs have been 
drawn into the atheist club. The anti-religious pro- 
paganda is weak. No wonder the campaign for the 
confiscation of the cathedral brought undesirable re- 
sults. When the organizations demanded that it be 
confiscated, the unorganized masses displayed a back- 
ward religious fanaticism and refused to give it up. 

In the village of Zimeniw, Tsebrykiw district, 
Odessa region, the local activists campaigned dur- 
ing the October anniversary to take the churches away 
from religious fanatic groups and hand them over to 
educational establishments. Nearly the whole popula- 
tion voted in favor of this idea. 

But in the Petriwka village, the kurkuls opposed 
the great masses of the poor and middle-class villagers. 
There were a few like P. P. Poltovsky, Lisaveta Hura 
(a kurkul’s daughter), I. F. Boltovsky, P. Lypsky. 
Two Komosomols disgracefully joined the company 
of the kurkuls, Lavchenko and Mykolayenko. 

(Visti, December 14, 1929). 


CHURCHES ARE CLOSED AND THE 
BELLS SHIPPED AWAY 


The laborers and farmers of the Pervomaysk 
District sent two carloads of church bells, removed 
from the churches in the Odessa region, to the Profin- 
tern factory. Telegrams of congratulations have been 
sent to Comrade Yaroslavsky and the Central Coun- 
cil of Atheists. 

(Pravda, November 27, 1929, 


The drive to remove church bells for industrial 
needs is spreading. Sixty-seven villages have already 
volunteered their bells. In Markove a public meeting 
has proclaimed the village atheist, and has decided to 
close the church and banish the priest and his family. 

In the Dobrovelychkiw district, the people have 
voted to take down all the church bells in the district 


209 


210 


and give to the cultural-educational establishments 
five churches and two synagogues. 

In their resolution to take down the church bells 
the people of the village of Lysa Hora have added the 
following words: "Instead of the bells we will enjoy 
the hum of the tractors.” 

The count of all the new atheist villages has not 
yet been taken but we have reason to believe that 
over one hundred. 
la, November 30, 1929) 

Upon the instigation of the workers, atheist col- 
lective farms are being organized in the Kharkiw reg- 
ion. During the Christmas Holidays, Komsomol cen- 
ters and atheist groups will organize collective farms 
to be named in honor of the fighting atheists, (Central 
Council of Atheists). 

The Kharkiw patronage centers are assigning 
workers to the rural areas for extensive anti-religious 
propaganda. In December 25 some villages will hold 
gala openings of cultural-educational centers in the 
churcses. 

(Pravda, December 23, 1929) 





CHURCH BELLS FOR INDUSTRIALIZATION 
OF UKRAINE 


In the villages of Mykroshka, Zabolotnya and 
Osnyky, in Chernyakhiw district, Zhytomyr region, 
general meeings of poor and middle-class farmers have 
decided to close all churches and use them for schools 
and nurseries. 

The villagers are bringing in church bells to the 
District Executive Committee. About 8,000 pounds 
of bells have been collected and turned over to the 
fund for the industrialization of Ukraine. 

The villagers of Stavyshche, Brusyliw district, 
have decided to donate the church bells for the indus- 
trialization of Ukraine and the church for use as a 
community center. 

In the village of Kyslomut, Rzhyshchiw district, 
the GPU has uncovered a counter-revolutionary or- 
ganization of churchgoers and kurkuls. Its activi- 


ties were directed by representatives of the Ukrainian 
Autocephalous Church. All the leaders have been 
arrested. 

Throughout the whole of the Artemiw region 
the workers are voting to be allowed to work on Dec- 
ember 25 for the sake of the industrialization of the 
nation, and on Decernber 26 for the aid of the collec- 
tivization fund. 

Workers in the Dniepropetrovsk factories, espec- 
ially the metullurgical plants of Lenin and Petrovsky, 
congratulate the VURPS (All-Ukranian Council of 
Trade Unions) for its decision to keep working on 
Christmas Days. At the same time the workers are 
asking for regulations to be passed to prohibit the sale 
of Christmas trees and to devote Christmas Days to 
anti-religious radio programs. Workers are also de- 
manding that the churches be closed in the workers’ 
districts. 

In Kharkiw it has been decided to shut down St. 
Dymytriy Church and give it to the motorists' associa- 
tion for their headquarters. 

In Zaporizhe, it was decided to close the syna- 
gogue on Moscow Street and give the Lutheran 
Church to the German workers club. 

In the Vynnytsya region, it was decided to close 
the Nemyriw Convent and the adjoining churches. 

In the Stalino region it was decided to close the 
Roman Catholic Church and give the Armenian- 
Gregorian Church in the town of Stalino to the work- 
ers of the East Club. 

In Luhansk all St. Mykhail's Cathedral is closed, 
the St. Peter and Paul Church and the Church of the 
Savior. All are used for cultural-educational purposes. 

Taking into consideration the great number of 
resolutions of the workers meetings, and professional 
and public organizations, the Ukrainian Central Exec- 
utive Committee has given permission for the closing 
of fifty churches in Ukraine. 

"These will be given over to social-cultural insti- 
tutions. 

The Horlov metallists sent а telegram to the 
Kharkiw Regional Trade Union Council with the in- 





211 


212 


formation that their convention has discussed the mat- 
ter of closing all the churches and prayer-homes in 
the city and are now appealing to the workers of 
Kharkiw to follow this lead and close all the churches 
and prayer-homes and donate the bells for the needs 
of industrialization. 

(Visti, December 22-26, 1929). 


They renounce their cloth and service in church 

1. Lipynsky—deacon of the Lubotyn Church in 
the Kharkiw region. 

2. Petro Karpovych—priest of the Slobidka 
Church in the Kupyansky region. 

3. Dedir Kololytnyk—psalmist in the village of 
Danylowka, in the Kharkiw region. 

(Visti, December 26, 1929). 


THE GOVERNMENT CLOSES CHURCHES 


The administrative division of the City Soviet of 
of Kharkiw has decided to close a few churches in the 
city. It has also decided to take down all the church 
bells and give them to industrial needs. 

The presidium of the city Soviet has now ap- 
proved that decision, 

Nine churches will close in Kharkiw, among them 
St. Mykhail's Cathedral St. Dymytriv's Church on 
Sverdlova Street, the Church of the Ascension on 
Feuerbakh Square, St. Penteleymon's Church on 
Klyuchkiwka, the Church of the Old Rites on Yaro- 
slav Street, the church in Lypovy Grove, and the un- 
finished church on Pavliwka. 

At the same time the presidium wholly agrees 
with the administrative division about the removal of 
all the church bells in Kharkiw and giving them to 
industrial needs. 

The decision must be approved by the Regional 
Executive Committee. 

The presidium has decided to take proper steps 
to prevent prayer meetings in private homes now that 
the churches are closed. 

(Visti, January 5, 1930) 


голо BAT gue | 
> кам ‘яиського Раўонолого Виконавчого Комітету - 
Рад Г.С. та Ч.Д. 











Kurkul farms sold at auctions 


213 


214 


BELLS REMOVED FROM 148 CHURCHES 
IN PERVOMAYSK REGION 


In the revolutionary attack on the old Christmas, 
the tempo must not be slackened, anti-religious work 
must not relax. 

(Newspaper slogans). 

In the last three months of the previous year the 
bells from 148 churches have been taken down in the 
Pervomaysk region and given for industrialization 
purposes. Most of the bells came from the villages 
of Pervomaysk district where 23 churches out of 29 
have been taken саге of—80 per cent. The bells have 
been shipped to the factories. 

In the town of Pervomaysk itself the bells have 
been removed from all churches. Laborers, office 
workers, skilled workers, farmers are all impatient in 
their demands to close all the churches and syna- 
gogues in the region. 

Around this affair, however, a cruel and stub- 
born class struggle is waged. Kurkuls and their 
fellow-travellers are using all means possible to hin- 
anti-religious propaganda and to halt the mass move- 
ment for closing the churches and taking down the 
bells. 

In the village of Hrushky it was decided to de- 
clare the village atheist, and to banish the psalmist 
and the priest within 24 hours. 

In the large village of Marchykhkna Buda, in the 
Hlukhowka district, the "popes" and the kurkuls 
had feathered themselves a cosy nest. Before the war 
they had started to build a large stone church. In 1927 
thekurkuls strongly agitated for the completion of 
the church and began collecting money but now, 
through the villagers' initiative, the church has been 
turned into a school. 

In the village of Pampil a religious congregation 
began building a new church in 1926. Now the church 
has been turned into a theatre and another one into a 
school. 

The villagers of Vorhon were ignorant and back- 
ward. But now all-out collectivization is in progress. 


“It is impossible to build a collective farm where there 
is a church," they declared and passed a resolution to 
have it closed. 

"The most backward villages like Antoniwka, 
Demyaniwka and Shatryshche have finished with the 
clergy and churches ana have decided to turn the lat- 
ter into cultural centers. 

The “popes” and their defenders, the kurkul s, 
are using every means to halt the anti-religious cur- 
rent. Through agitation of the backward factions, 
especially the women, they are endeavoring to put up 
a struggle against the mass anti-religious movement. 

For instance, in the village of Beryukha, when 
the Komsomols, the poor villagers and the local 
activists began taking the church bells down 
without first preparing the public for it the kurkuls, 
who had prepared beforehand, beat up the youngsters, 
then with whoops and yells moved up to the village 
Soviet and set the building on fire. 

At present a show trial is taking place in Bery- 
ukha in connection with this event. 

The villagers of Zolochiw, Kharkiw region, have 
broken with individual farming and joined the collec- 
tive farm. The activists have decided to liqui- 
date the religious spirit in the village. A public meet- 
ing was called where a unanimous vote was taken to 
close the church and use it as a theatre. 

The villagers took the cross down and replaced it 
with a red chamois flag. In place of ikons, on the in- 
side walls there now hang portraits of Stalin, Petrov- 
sky and Chubar. 

In the Pervomaysk district in the Pervomaysk 
region the villagers have donated seven tons of church 
bells. 

Teachers in the Borymlyansk district, Sum re- 
gion, passed a resolution at the pedagogical union 
meeting on December 31, 1929, to close the local 
Cathedral and the Holy Trinity Church and have 
taken on themselves the responsibility of conducting 
large-scale anti-religious propaganda among the local 


population. 
(Visti, January 1, 1930 





215 


216 


CHURCHES FOR COMMUNITY CENTERS, 
BELLS FOR INDUSTRY 


From many villages of the Shevchenko region 
comes news that villagers everywhere are passing 
decisions to remove the bells from the churches and 
give them to the aid of industrialization. The savings 
which they represent will be turned over for cultural- 
educational needs. 

Last fall the villagers of Rebediwka district, sent 
a petition to their village Soviet for permission to use 
the Roman Catholic Church for cultural-educational 
purposes, and have decided to trade the church bells 
for a microphone. The petition was signed by 500 
people. 

In the footsteps of the Lebedivka villagers, have 
gone the villagers of Hryshchenka and Pekar, in 
Kaniw district, Berezan in Smilyan district and the 
large village of Medvediwka, where they have also 
decided that the bells should go to help industrializa- 
tion. 

In the village of Chepayiwtsi, Zolotonosha dis- 
trict, the villagers gave 5,000 pounds of bells for in- 
dustrialization after they closed down the church. 

Naturally the popes and kurkuls are putting 
up a frantic restience against this anti-religious 
movement. They circulate lies and resort to intimida- 
tion. 

More and more popes are renouncing their call- 
ing, realizing that their work is harmful to the work- 
ers. And so as not to die in the gutter they are using 
different tricks. For instance there is pope Debedi- 
vsky, who has offered his cross and two rings in aid 
of MOPR (international organization to aid workers 
in capitalist countries). In the village of Kyriyiwka, 
Petrivka district four popes have recently renounced 
their calling and have infiltrated the collective farm. 

Following the example of the popes are many 
kurkuls. 

(Visti, February 5, 1930) 


CLOSING THE CHURCHES 


From Cherkasy comes the news that upon the 
dernands of the villagers, the Ukrainian Central Ex- 
ecutive Committee has decreed that six monasteries 
should be closed so that they may be used for the col- 
lective farm. 

From Kiev comes information that, following the 
resolutions of the District Executive Committee, the 
remaining 48 monks have been deported from the 
former Kiev-Pecherska Lavra. 

(Pravda, January 12, 1930) 


At the convention of rural women of Vradiev dis- 
trict, attended by a great number of women, one open- 
ly stated: The women of my village have sent me here 
especially to ask the convention not to take down the 
bells from our churches. I am certain that you will 
not do so...” 

(Rravda, January 19, 1930) 





The collective farm “Red Partisan”, in the village 
of Zavidiwka, Bereziw district, Odessa region, is run 
by kurkuls. Passonate arguments have been going 
on in the village about the church and three prayer 
buildings, with the more progressive group of citizens 
proposing to have them closed. At all three meetings, 
which were devoted to this matter, with discussion of 
all pros and cons, it was decided by the majority to 
close them and send a declaration to that effect to the 
Ukrainian Central Executive Committee. Then shouts 
were heard. “Fire. We're burning.” The straw pile on 
the collective farm was on fire. 

After this incident a purge was conducted, and 
48 kurkuls were expelled from the collective farm. 
Of the nine kurkul homes confiscated, five were 
given to farm hands and two to be used for children’s 
nurseries. 


A COMPLETE RELIGIOUS PROGRAM 


The Secretariat of the Ukrainian Central Execu- 
tive Committee has approved the demands to liquidate 


217 


218 


churchgoers, and has approved the regulation of the 
Luhansk Regional Executive Committee to close the 
Roman Catholic Church and turn it into an Army 
club: 

In the town of Chervonahrad, Poltava region, the 
Jewish community has discussed the matter of giving 
the local synagogue to cultural establishments, and 
the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet has consented to grant 
their wishes. But because in Chervonohrad there is a 
shortage of storage space for grain the synagogue will 
temporarily be used for that purpose. 

Workers of the Rykov factory in the Armemiw 
region closed the church in their village and in the 
village of Vynnytsya. Now the neighboring villages 
are doing likewise. In December the villagers of 
Illintsi passed a resolution to close their churches and 
use them for cultural purposes. In the village of Olk- 
hovata the people have decided to close the two 
churches. One is used for a co-operative store and the 
other as a community center. 

In the village of Varwariwka a general meeting, 
held December 24, decided to take down the church 
bells and to close the church. 

The same was decided at meetings in the villages 
of Vowcha, Kruhlya and Lohtyarny Khutir. The peo- 
ple in the last village decided to banish the pope. 

In the village of Kryva Kossa, Mariupol region, 
it was decided at a public meeting to close the church 
and turn it into a theatre. For his detrimental work in 
the village the people banished the pope. 

The villagers of Dyvna, Kiev region, decided to 
close the church and make it a cultural institution. 

In the village of Obytochna, Melitopol region, 
it was decided at a general meeting to use the church 
for a public school. 

The people of the village of Boriwka, Mohyciw 
region, decided at a meeting December 22 to close their 
church and turn it into a community center. 

The villagers of the village of Rodiwka, Mariupol 
region, took down the church bells in December of last 
year and gave them to help industrialization. 


The people of the village of Zhernokliw, Chevch- 
enko region, unanimously accepted the decision to 
close the church and begin an attack on the old life of 
ignorance and superstition. In a telegram to the chief 
of the Ukrainian Central Executive Committee the 
collective farmers are begging for a visit from him to 
Zhernokliw to see for himself the great changes in 
that village. 

The slogan, “churches for community centers and 
bells for industry” is popular throughout the Shev- 
chenko region and the workers are quickly putting it 
into effect. News pours in from many villages that 
workers are deciding to take the bells down so that 
they may be used for industry. 

The bells have rung for the last time. Now they 
are needed for industrialization. In the Novo-Uk- 
rainian district a strong anti-religious movement flour- 
ishes. The old Orthodoxy is dying and with it pov- 
erty, eternal exploitation and national ignorance. 

In the village of Pishchany Brod there were two 
churches. A declaration was signed by 3,000 atheists 
and sent to the District Executive Committee asking 
to have the churches closed and given to collective 
farms. The priests and kur kuls are jointly putting 
up a fight against the anti-religious movement which 
grows by leaps and bounds. 

Church bells are still pealing in a few villages 
bring to mind the poverty and ignorance of the old 

Church bells are still pealing in a few villages 
villages inhabited by drunkards. 

(Visti, January 7 and 8, Fefruary 5 and March 14, 1930) 


ANTI-RELIGIOUS CAMPAIGN DURING 
THE CHRISTMAS SEASON 


In Kharkiw individual atheist workers gave talks 
different establishments explaining to the laborers the 
city Societ's resolution to close nine Kharkiw churches 
and to take down the bells. 

The Kharkiw regional organization of the atheists 
is sending to the villages 1,000 Komsomols and cul- 
tural-educational brigades on January 5. They will 


219 


220 


visit 186 villages and 18 collective farms. Besides 
anti-religious work these patronage brigades will 
conduct cultural-educational work. 

In the Kharkiw region a whole string of villages 
are closing their churches on Christmas Day and are 
organizing community centers instead. In the village 
of Myroniwka the people are acting on the advice of 
the Kharkiw proletariat and are turning the church 
into a community center. 

The village of Kryvychky, Ulyaniw district, Ber- 
dychiv region, shows signs of having broken with the 
old life. Instead of a cross, a red flag is at the top of 
the church. 

On the other hand, upon closer inspection this 
village gives a different impression. Before our eyes 
almost every farmer was butchering a hog. This 
aroused our interest, so we asked one woman abou. 
it and she explained: “The hogs are suffering from 
some disease. They are dying so the people are 
slaughtering them first.” 

At the office of the village Soviet several villagers 
together with the head and secretary worried about 
how to handle the situation. Nearly all hogs and 
calves are butchered. Now how will they store the 
meat? 

(Visti, January 4, 1930). 


ANTI-RELIGIOUS MOVEMENT IN THE USSR 


“The capital is demonstrating against religion and 
for socialism." 

The above is the slogan under which all anti-re- 
ligious work was conducted throughout the Kharkiw 
industrial concerns during the Christmas season of 
1929. 

In DEZ (State Electric Plant) special shock 
brigades were organized who intensively carried on 
anti-religious work in every section of industry. There 
are over a dozen of these brigades. They conducted 
the drive for the collection of all ikons, ikon lamps, 
crosses, bibles, etc. All these will be burned at a mass 
anti-religious gathering. 


== 
Я * 


финт 





een fat ste Bye yy 


Jar swine 





E E je ntu 
AONE uH ECXLÓZOXVES OWI VH | aoe Ho idee биа миңе i00 Wi M 
GOS Шун KS Wedd elieWeniDE4'suouesCXOD tu X иво сәв IME Вр И 
м "зы Ш хш, уаз wünsuge шг WD Гүн 
i ронмашасе IAL иде і kb PR idk 95 ayha рага Ju. Khaos OND | 
хойшь о ALAD BRIM выш xuni02V8 pO Hsuse,2J4 Mhkskite 2 НФ: 549} | 
Yo te ma thes Mi 





—— 








crosses, bibles, etc., and will burn 


"Hammer and Sickle," the workers 
everything after work in the factory. 




















Kurkul children deprived of education 











*EB YI Ol0HLOZVLX CF KRIEMA эн игом уе’ ra c 21 fingo ib 
x O Hasy taoa oud а ы бимоночномие Мл ань LODOU d VL d'ao Averea Of Ke 1 
XB Bi vse xt инномамреоц 21и алш ити dex geti wh VOUS THEME poRM | 
ES pur*agiwrüodgi “iN 194-994" "em z ma Keowee ^n jay BOR. 
SA $ wehay we woe tetsu tn xui tue pali iau 11 ср 
SY «3C 8086 deoa Xlweoxw2 эн ou BA: pafa be 
3y SA HIT DA PPUM: 
E 2 ушо ж unitas pui len $ М 
SE arqgiNeuH итэм а гиз vp won д 
53 а EE AoT ЕЕ Bue 
QE 3н Iu xuiyaov tu we! 61011 НЯ p ud 
a muna a o 4 ay Hak залны 4 
СЕ pin piesiu раа Ро 
4042031 е McK oe 6 DD VUZAILÍS X Ki «бир wiÁl4snc (xy E 








$ 
LU D T EL C { | 
hawt IAU H-, Way пения АЯ в Ц > 


221 


A special brigade of workers is organized which 
makes the following plea: "We, the workers, are 
appealing to the Ukrainian people to take down the 
church bells not only in Kharkiw but in all of Ukraine.” 

(Visti, January 7, 1930) 

Multitudes of workers took part in an anti-re- 
ligious demonstration in the town of Tula, Russia. 
They burned over 2,000 ikons. 

The town Soviet of Krasnohrad granted the 
wishes of the Jewish workers to close the synagogue 
and allow it to be used as a club for national minorities. 

News from Mihach-Kala brings the information 
that, according to the regulation passed by the 
mountain villagers of Kusomensk district, ten mosques 
have been closed and are now used for first aid 
centers, schools and co-operative enterprises. 

In all factories in the Artemiw region work 
continued as usual on Christmas Day. In the evening, 
amid great excitement, an anti-religious carnival was 
held. 

In Slovyansk, Donbas, 10,000 workers held a 
demonstration demanding the closing of the cathedral. 
Four thousand ikons were burned. 

A grand anti-religious demostration took place in 
Zaporizhya in which 5,000 workers, office workers 
and Red Army soldiers took part. Over two thousand 
ikons were burned and as many bibles. 

(Visti, January 8, 1930). 


ZHORNOKLIVETS 
CHURCHES ROBBED AND SMASHED 


When, in the village of Zhornoklovy, Hlernyaziw district, 
in the Poltava region, a church service began at 10 o'clack on 
Christmas morning, 1929, in the church of St. Peter and Paul, a 
rowdy Komsomol gang broke inside. 

They pushed through to the altar and attacked the priest, 
Konstantyn Skyba. They tore off his vestments and dragged 
him by the hair outside. The congregation rushed to defend 
their priest. 


222 


A fight started outdoors in which the worshippers beat up 
the Komsomols. 

At 12 o'clock that day two cars of GPU agents came into 
the village, arrested Father Konstantyn and fifty villages and 
threw them into the Hlemyaziw prison. 

A few were released later but most of them, with Father 
Konstantyn, were deported to Arkhangelsk where they all died 
eventually. 

That same day all property in the church of St. Peter and 
Paul was looted and the altar, the altar screen, the cross and 
ikons were smashed. 


F. PRAVOBEREZHNY 


THE CHURCH AND RELIGIOUS BRUTALITY 
DESTROYED 


In the villages of Rzyshchiw and the neighboring districts 
in the Kiev region, anti-religious propaganda was placed first 
in importance by the Communist Departmet of Education. In 
the community centers a systematic series of lectures was 
held on anti-religious topics. These lectures were not based on 
philosophical or educational arguments but were of the lowest 
type of ridicule and degradation of religious tradition and filthy 
abuse of the churchgoers. At Christmas, various anti-religious 
carnivals were staged in order to interfere with church services. 

In freakish masks Komsomols, masquerading as God, 
angels, Holy Mary, with their faces smeared in soot and tails 
dragging behind, entered churches, dancing and singing, while 
services were in progress. 

In my native village of Stavka, Rzyshchiw district, such a 
carnival attacked worshippers on Easter Sunday, 1931, singing 
shameful ditties about God and the Church. 

The anti-religious campaign was also carried on in another 
manner. As mentioned earlier, all church buildings now 
belonged to the state and the worshippers had to rent them for 
their use. The fees were naturally high and extremely high 
taxes were levied on the churches as well. The priests were 
taxed for their "non-worker's income." The people were soon 
unable to meet all these dues and the churches were closed for 
non-payment and used for the storage of grain and other farm 
produce. 


223 


And so in our village, Stavka, the church was demolished 
one month after it was closed and а community center built from 
the material. On the site of the church a public bath-house was 
erected. 

In addition a frantic campaign was directed against the 
clergy. They were charged with —"counter-revolutionary 
activities" "anti-Soviet agitation," being "enemies of the 
people" and were sent to Siberian concentration camps or 
exterminated in other ways. 





M. DIDENKO 
MOCKERY OF GOD WITHOUT LIMIT 


The Uspenya Church in the village of Nizheny was filled on 
Easter Sunday, 1930. The choir sang "Christ Has Risen" and 
the congregation, led by Father Hryhoriy Spasky, was filing out 
for a procession outdoors. Аз soon as the priest appeared in the 
doorway an anti-religious carnival rushed through the gates of 
the church grounds. 

They carried placards, made to look like church banners, 
displaying atheist slogans. They were attired in costumes 
impersonating the clergy. The gangleader, Kravets, was 
dressed to resemble Jesus. Their noses were painted red and 
they carried whiskey bottles and glasses. To top it all they sang 
disgraceful anti-religious songs. 

Tather Hryhoriy, hoary and seventy years of age, hesitated 
for an instant then calmly went forward toward the gang. The 
Komsomols stopped short and became silent. The priest then 
turned back and continued with the procession. 

But the people could not calmly overlook the incident. Some- 
one shouted, "What mockery of God is this?” and a few rushed 
at the gang to drive them out of the church grounds. A fracas 
ensued, and some Komsomols were driven away in ambulances. 


os 
- 


Y. BONDAR 


On Easter Sunday, 1930, a church service was in progress 
in the village of Chushyne, Sakhnov district. While the con- 
gregation was making its way in procession around the church 
the village active drove slowly around the outside of the 


224 


church grounds on a wagon, carrying an old sow with them. 
They pinched and poked the sow all the while to make it squeal 
nois.ly and s^ interfere with and ridicule religious traditions. 


1 BUZHANYN 


THE HOLY MARTYR 


in August, 1931, when I was working as a geologist in the 
Odessa region, I came to the village of 1royany, Hrushkiwka 
district. 1t was the eve of the feast day, Holy Savior Day, and 
I was greatly taken aback by the pealing ot bells trorn the top 
of a large stone church calling the villagers for prayer. In all 
the other villages which I had visited heretofore the churches 
had been closed and the bells taken down. 

That evening I heard an amazing story from the old couple, 
local school teachers, with whom I was spending the night. 

The church warden in Troyany had been well-liked and 
respected by all. He was seventy years of age and had served in 
the church for several decades. That Spring the Communist 
government wanted to close the church and take down the bells 
but the people violently protested. The church was their one 
source of moral support in those trying times. The village 
Soviet asked for the keys of the church but the warden, after 
locking it, buried them in his yard. 

They arrested the church warden and tortured him to force 
him to give up the keys but he bore his torture in silence After 
three months in the district prison he was dying, and so as not 
to have him die in prison the Communists released him. When 
he reached home he just managed to tell the people where the 
keys were hidden before he passed away. This happened on the 
Saturday before Easter Sunday. 

The next day, Easter Sunday, the villagers opened the 
church and brought in the coffin with the warden's body. This 
event became known and talked about not only in Troyany but 
in all the neighboring villages. Because he died a martyr's 
death to save the church for the people he was revered as a saint. 
Great throngs of people came to the church that Easter Sunday. 

Four months had passed but the government had not made 
any more attempts to close the church and to take the bells 
down. 


225 


THE WOMEN DEFEND THE CHURCHES 


The project of taking down the church bells and 
closing the churches is surrounded by a stubborn class 
struggle in which kurkuls and women are taking 
an active part. 

At a mass meeting, November 3, the people of 
Syniushyn Brod passed a resolution to have the church 
bells taken down and given for industrialization as a 
gift of the twelfth anniversary of the Revolution. 
They had also undertaken to instigate the neighboring 
village of Stanislavchyk to do likewise. 

Then on the morning of November 6, the day set 
for removing the bells, several hundred women 
gathered at the church and, agitated by the kur- 
kuls and their henchmen, interfered with the 
planned work. Thirty of them locked themselves in- 
side the belfry and rang the alarm for a day and two 
nights, terrifying the whole village. 

The women would not allow anyone near the 
church, threatening to stone those who tried to get 
by them. When the head of the village Soviet arrived 
with a police officer and ordered the women to stop 
ringing the alarm and to go home they started to 
throw rocks at them. The mischief makers were later 
joined by a group of drunken (it must always be 
drunken — Ed.) men. 

Later, it was discovered that the local psalmist 
with several kurkuls and their friends, had gone 
from house to house asking the people to come to the 
church and not permit the bells to be taken down. 
This agitation influenced some (actually several 
hundred — Ed.) of the simple-minded women. 

(Visti, January 5. 1930). 


FORCED TO RENOUNCE PRIESTHOOD 


I, priest of the Ukrainian Autocephalous 
Orthodox Church, Ivan Panteleymonovych Porohzniy, 
from this day forward leave the services of priesthood 
and as a citizen of the USSR wish to work in the social 
field for the welfare of the people. 


< Ими 77 Уда хао 
АРА А ДАР we apn х vectog 
Mr a my nb it 
repu re t m n tah cate Oty) t 
"Сп ДІ nomd е goso МШ 4 ва 
‘meray WAU op] 'iumaemu weu gyr “pax ` wen 029 
онєоглохвер onat pomenu Mone oW oroat 
Breo gpmepmdið wa звонит ponp Ча jw 
nbsodzo -dumi рй 9%] wxorf;) вичонпьлнийу sp 
* pita nomme чат apiome ^ gumuilpod 
Уивет yon "y gae оп segde sce wH 









ng of further 1126 puds of grain 





[de HEYETE поза 
Ww! Iomwogs  Ilomfürrógd от 


A Mos 3 k ; GD 





227 


228 


Priest of the village of Kowali, Kaniw district, 
Kiev region. I. P. Porozhniy. 
Wisti, August 14, 1929). 


I, Savatiy Patolichev, former priest of the sy- 
nodical church in the village of N. Kropyvna, in 
Podilya region, as of December 25, 1928, forever leave 
the service of the religious cult, renounce my calling 
and its ideology which is out of place in the building of 
socialism. The very existence of the church has 
become purposeless and only hinders the rebuilding 
of human life and the building of a new order. I wish 
to secure an honest livelihood and a rightful citizen- 
Ship for my children. November 2, 1929. H. Savatiy 
Patolichev. 

(Visti, August 14, 1929). 


I reject my position as deacon and renouce all 
religious beliefs because I consider all religion absurd. 
I ask all servants of religious cults to follow my 
example. Stepan Ilnytsky, December 12, 1928. 

Having spent 25 years as church attendant and 
psalmist in the Russian Holy Synod and almost seven 
years as priest in the Ukrainian Autocephalous 
Orthodox Church I did not find true brotherly love, 
peace or goodwill. 

The teachings of the clergy, black (monk) and 
white, religious fanatics, always was and is an absurd 
fraud, an opiate and an exploitation of the blind masses 
and the downtrodden. W. Stauchenko. 

I, priest of the Ukrainian Autocephalous 
Orthodox Church, in the village of Khmariwka, Tul- 
chyn district, Fedir Tymofiyovych Polyak, through my 
ignorance entered into priesthood in 1922, serving 
until August 1, of this year. Becoming a priest, I did 
not forsee that I should be included among the enemies 
of the proletariat by the historical development of the 
class struggle and that, consequently, I should become 
an enemy of the first proletariat state in the world. 
I cannot continue in the ranks of the propagators of 
religious fraud, national ignorance, and now renounce 


priesthood. I hope to cleance this black mark by 
honest work for the welfare of Soviet society. June 
10,1929. F. T. Polyak. 

(Visti, August 14, 1929). 


I, priest of the Ukrainian Authocephalous 
Orthodox Church, have served in this church for three 
years and am convinced that religion is the opiate of 
the working people and farmers. In the time of 
socialism the rebirth of the Autocephalous Church 
came about, organized by counter-revolutionaries and 
the cast-off, rotten intellectuals, and has been carrying 
on hostile agitation against the Soviet government 
during its whole course of existence. Petro Andriyo- 
vych Halashko. 

The fate of God's servants at this time was very uncertain. 
They were all branded as “enemies of the people" by the Soviet 
government. They were arrested and deported to concentration 
camps like the kurkuls. To save their lives, or more often 
the lives of their children, many of them renounced their 
connection with God's work as soon as the liquidation of the 
Church and religion started and published announcements of 
their intentions in the press. Some of them wrote simple, laconic 
statements while other declarations were obviously dictated by 
the village active for they defiled their own work in the 
church. The Communist press eagerly printed such announce- 
ments. 


RENOUNCING THE PRIESTHOOD, TO SAVE 
THEIR CHILDREN 


1, citizen Ivan Nykyforovych Horlynsky, resign 
from service as priest of the Novo-Orlytsya Church in 
the Kremenchug region and from this day forward 
do not wish to be known as such. 

I am breaking all ties with the Church. The 
creative urge of the great masses, which has now 
appeared, will not allow me to live any longer in the 
obviously anti-Soviet camp of the clergy and kur- 
kuls, hostile to the worker-farmer government. 
Therefore I renounce the dishonorable profession of a 
servant in a religious cult. Volodymyr Mitkalo, 
village of Turkeniwka, Zaporozhya region. 


229 


I, of proletariat origin, was forced through poverty 
to serve as psalmist. I do not wish to remain a non- 
worker element any longer but want to work at 
something really useful and am resigning from my 
position as psalmist. M. Sharkovych, village of Ko- 
byliwka, Tulchyniw region. 

I am convinced of what the Soviet government 
tells us — service in the religious cult is hostile to the 
people. Since I am a son of a poor farmer, though 
through my ignorance I have served as a priest since 
1924, I do not wish to remain an enemy of the Soviet 
government and henceforth refuse to serve in the 
religious cult. Onysko Pavlyn, former priest of the 
Pokrova Church in the village of Sokilka, Kisheniwka 
district. 

I, son of a poor farmer, have become gray in the 
service. During the Revolution, through my ig- 
norance, I became a priest. It was never my wish to 
be an enemy of the Soviet government and so I do not 
wish to wear the label “enemy of the people.” From 
this day forward I refuse to serve in the religious cult 
and renounce my cloth to take up work which will be 
of benefit to the Soviet government. Former priest 
of the Ivan Bohoslaw Church, village of Sokilka, 
Kremenchug region — Hryhoriy Vasylovych Los. 

Twenty years ago, during the Tsarist reign, I 
served as a parish priest. At present I have no in- 
tention of returning to this service and hereby wish to 
announce my rejection of the cloth for all time. To- 
dor Vasylovych Dobrochynsky. 

(Visti, December 14, 1929). 


At that time the whole civilized world reacted to the mass 
persecution and elimination of the Church. The newspapers of 
Europe and America were filled with accounts of these events. 
The Archbishop of Canterbury and Pope Pius XI made public 
protests. It was mentioned in the British Parliament, and plans 
were made for its discussion at the League of Nations. 

The Communists could not ignore this feeling. They found 
a few clergymen of the Russian Orthodox Church still living, 
and proclaimed them members of a Synod. And for the benefit 
of the press abroad they printed in Pravda an interview with the 


230 


group and then one with Metropolitan Sergei alone, who was 
subsequently made a patriarch. 

The interview was an insult to the Orthodox Church, for 
a month later, in a resolution passed by the plenum of the 
Central Committee of the Supreme Soviet, the Communists 
admitted the crime of government persecution of religion in the 
USSR. 

For the purpose of whitewashing its crimes the Soviet 
government quickly organized throughout the Soviet Union 
special meetings of wrokers and farmers protesting against 
interference by “capitalist churchmen” in the internal affairs of 
the USSR. 

The closing down of churches, and the destruction of re- 
ligion continued as before by the administration. For instance 
in 1934 in Kiev many churches and valuable historical monu- 
ments were ruined. After collectivization and during the 
famine, 1932-33, 90 to 95 per cent of the churches throughout 
Ukraine were either demolished or turned into clubs or farm 
storage houses. 


THE WORLD MOVEMENT TO SAVE 
RELIGION IN USSR 


Pope Pius XI's protest against the persecution of 
religion in the USSR was the signal for a widespread 
campaign against the Soviet Union in the capitalist 
world. The Church fathers and bourgeoisie are call- 
ing for the salvation of the repressed Orthodoxy and 
are appealing for a "Christ's march” against the 
USSR. 

In Paris, on March 19, prayers were held to halt 
religious presecution in the USSR. Prayers were 
held in all the Catholic churches and even in Notre 
Dame Cathedral. After prayers the Archbishop of 
Paris expressed his sympathy for the Russian people. 

Anti-Soviet prayers on March 19 in the Catholic 
churches in England passed almost unnoticed by the 
general public. 

During the prayers in Prague, on March 19, 
leaflets were distributed against the Pope's protes 
which asked the world to march against the USSR. 
At an anti-Soviet meeting in Prague Archbishop Kor- 


231 


232 


dak called the Bolsheviks “murderers of Christ" and 
Lenin an "arch-murderer," at the same time asking 
for help in liberating Russia from Communism. 

On March 19, anti-Soviet prayers were held in 
the Catholic churches in Berlin. During the evening 
prayers a group of workers entered the Church of St. 
Paul shouting “Rote Front." 

In Bucharest, on March 19, meetings of protest 
against the alleged persecution of religion in the 
Soviet Union were held in the Catholic churches. 

All Catholic churches in New York as well as а 
few Episcopal churches held anti-Soviet services. 

In Warsaw, Lodz, Upper Silesia, etc., anti-Soviet 
prayers were held because the Pope set that day for 
Christ's march against the USSR. 

(Visti, March 23, 1930). 


THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT ON THE 
RELIGIOUS SITUATION IN THE USSR 


From the Conservative bench L. Thompson asked 
if the Department of External Affairs intends to take 
steps, according to Article 11 of the League of Nations 
Charter, to bring before the League problems which 
have a bearing on the freedom of religion in the 
USSR. 

Henderson answered that the release of informa- 
tion about the investigation into the state of religion 
in the USSR has brought a wide response from all 
parts of Great Britain and other countries. The go- 
vernment is giving serious thought to this information, 
but doubts whether the plan proposed by L. Thomson 
would bring the result which he has in mind. 

In any case the government is ready, when it is 
possible and in the best interests of those to whom 
this question pertains, to use its influence to further 
an investigation into the question of the freedom of 
religion and the freedom to practise religious rites. 
Henderson stated that he is waiting for a report from 
the British representative in Moscow about the state 
of religion in the USSR. 

(Pravda, February 15, 1930). 








METROPOLITAN ALEXEI CONCEALS 
RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION 


Representatives of the Soviet press presented a 
series of questions to Metropolitan Sergei, acting for 
the Patriarch who, in the presence of the members of 
the Synod, gave the following answers. 

Question: Is there really persecution of religion 
in the USSR and if so what form does it take? 

Answer: There never was nor is there at present 
any persecution of religion in the USSR. According 
to the decree separating the church from the state the 
people are allowed to practise any religion they desire 
and are not persecuted for doing so by any state 
organs. 

Question: Is it true that atheists are closing the 
churches, and how do the believers react? 

Answer: Yes, some churches are closed but that 
is done not by the government but by thg people — 
the believers. 

Question: Is it true that the clergy and the 
believers are subjected to repression for their re- 
ligious beliefs and are being arrested, deported, etc.? 

Answer: Repression and arrest of the priests and 
believers is done by the government not for their 
religious convictions but to preserve order, the same as 
among other people. 

Question: Are free church services and sermons 
allowed in the USSR? 

Answer: Church services and sermons during the 
services are not prohibited in the USSR. Religious 
lectures and religious education for adults are also 
allowed. 


Sergei — Metropolitan of Nizhniy Novhorod. 
Serafim — Metropolitan of Saratov. 
Alexei — Archbishop of Khutyn. 
Fili Archbishop of Zvenyhorodka. 

Piritim — Bishop of Orekhov-Zuyevsk. 
(Pravda, February 16, 1930). 








233 


234 


METROPOLITAN SERGEI MISLEADS 
THE FOREIGNERS 


On February 19, 1930, foreign correspondents 
approached Metropolitan Sergei with questions about 
the circumstances of the Church in the USSR and he 
gave them the following answers. 

Question: How can the Church continue to 
survive in view of the political, economic and socia! 
circumstances of the clergy and the latest acts passed 
by the government concerning them, such as: cancella- 
tion of their citizen's rights which forces them to move 
from their homes, makes it impossible for them to 
procure food ration cards and according to the last 
decree forbids them to reside in cities and towns? 

Answer: In the franchise section there were no 
changes made recently. (Those rights had been 
cancelled still earlier — Ed.). Our worshippers are al! 
working people who enjoy all citizen's rights. It is 
they who support us. We do not notice any shortages. 
Statements about deporting all clergymen from 
Moscow are not compatible with the truth. 

Question: What is your opinion about the pro- 
tests by Pope Pius XI and the Archbishop of Canter- 
bury? 

Answer: We consider the speeches of these 
spiritual leaders to be basically a contradiction of the 
spirit of our Christian teachings. 

Question: What is your attitude toward the recent 
administrative measures against the Church, such as: 
(1) forbidding the ringing of bells in cities and towns; 
(2) establishing subotnyks and n edilnyks 
(Saturdays and Sundays people were asked to 
volunteer for work without pay to help build the 
social state) and (3) closing the churches in Odessa? 

Answer: In the cities of many countries the 
ringing of church bells has been restricted for a long 
time and in some cities forbidden altogether. In the 
USSR ringing church bells is forbidden if the workers 
request it. Subotyks and nedilnyks have had 
no bearing on the church; we do not complain about 








the absence of worshippers. And we know nothing 
about the measures of the Odessa administration to 
close its churches. 

Sergei— Metropolitan of Nizhniy Novhorod. 


SHIFTING THE BLAME 


Excerpt from the Resolution of the Ukrainian 
Central Executive Committee concerning the pro- 
hibition of administrative organizations from inter- 
fering in religious matters). 

At the meeting of the Secretariat of the Ukrai- 
nian Central Executive Committee held on March 11, 
of this year, Comrade Vasylenko gave the information 
that in the outlying districts of Ukraine there were 
cases of interference by government organs in re- 
ligious and church matters. Occasionally subordinate 
organizations, without waiting for regulations from 
the Ukrainian Central Executive Committee or even 
permission from the District Executive Committee, 
close prayer houses first and then start a petition for 
their closing. 

The Secretariat of the Ukrainian Central Exe- 
cutive Committee assigns the Central Prosecutor of 
the Republic to uncover any cases of misrepresentation 
of government directives in this matter and to give 
an account at the next session of the Ukrainian Central 
Executive Committee. It has been decided that those 
guilty of misrepresentation will be dealt with. 

At the same time, the Secretariat of the Ukrainian 
Central Executive Committee has proposed that the 
District Executive Committee forbid subordinate or- 
ganizations from breaking valid laws regarding the 
closing of prayer houses. 

(Visti, March 12, 1930), 





CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF THE COMMUNIST 
PARTY CORRECTS FALSE STATEMENT 
OF THE METROPOLITAN 


-.. The Central Committee also considers it im- 
portant to note the wholly unacceptable perversion of 


235 


236 


the Party line regarding the struggle with religious 
survivals. We have in mind the closing of churches 
by the administration. without the assent of the 
majority of the population, which leads to a streng- 
thening of religious propaganda. 

The Central Committee pledges: 

7. Resolutely to put an end to the practice of 
closing the churches by the administration. Henceforth 
the closing of churches may only take place upon the 
request of the majority of the people and after re- 
solutions passed at the villagers’ general meetings 
have been confirmed by the Regional Executive 
Committee. Strict measures will be taken against 
those guilty of abusing the villagers for their religious 
tendencies. 

(Pravda, March 15, 1930). 


STAGED DEMONSTRATIONS 


News pours in from the villages and towns of 
Ukraine of mass protest staged by workers against the 
anti-Soviet statements by churchmen (protest from 
the outside world against religious persecution in 
Ukraine — Ed.). In answer to these hostile measures 
the workers from Dniepropetrovsk are donating their 
half-day's earnings to build an aeroplane "The Dnie- 
propetrovsk Worker.” 

Many workers are adding their protestations to 
the general wave of proletarian indignation over the 
provocation of the enemies. 

(Pravda, March 23, 1930). 


CHAPTER IV. 
OWNERS' DESTRUCTION OF THE STOCK 


1. MEDVYNETS 


WE WILL KILL THEM AND EAT 
THEM OURSELVES 


Ukrainian farmers, although raising livestock and fowl, 
rarely ate meat. Their main diet was bread and vegetables and 
meat was something they had for holiday dinners only. They 
used milk liberally but the eggs were all sold. When a hog was 
full-grown it went to the market. Only for Christmas and 
Easter holidays would a Ukrainian farmer allow himself to 
butcher a hog, the fat from which was made to last the year 
round. 

In 1929, when the Communists announced the beginning of 
collectivization and started to socialize and take away to the 
collective farms all the livestock, hogs and chickens, without 
any recompence whatsoever, the farmers protested against such 
robbery. 

"We will kill them and eat them ourselves," they stoically 
asserted. And a mass butchering began. 

In all the villages of Medvyniwka and Bohuslavka districts, 
in the Kiev region, every farmer slaughtered his cattle, hogs, 
and fowl and salted the meat to preserve it. Salt disappeared 
from the co-operatives and prices soared. A pood (36.1 lbs.) 
of meat could be bought for a pood of salt, or even for a 
pood of grain, 

The farmers were now all on a heavy meat diet to which 
they were not accustomed, and sickness set in. At the same 
time, meat became plentiful in the markets of nearby towns and 
on the workers’ tables. 

This mass slaughtering of livestock and fowl was a 
spontaneous reaction by the Ukrainian farmers against the 
robbery by the Soviet government. 


237 


238 


COLLECTIVIZATION IS DESTROYING 
LIVESTOCK 


The kurkuls are making a violent attack оп 
the collective farm and instigate the killing and selling 
of livestock. 

Information from Tahanrih tells us that under 
kurkul influence a mass sale of livestock is carried 
on by the middle and poor farmers before their 
entrance to the collective farms. During the last 
three months over 26,000 head of beef cattle were sold, 
12,000 head of milch cows and 16,000 head of sheep. 
Buyers travel to different stations buying livestock at 
high prices, snatching them away from governmen. 
markets which are now at a standstill. Cattle, horses 
and sheep are criminally sold everywhere. This 
practice is most evident in regions where there is all- 
out collectivization. 

Under the influence of kurkul agitation — 
that in collective farming their property will be taken 
away to make everybody equal — the farmers are not 
only slaughtering their beef cattle but even the milch 
cows and sheep and are selling their horses for half 
their value. 

From Artemiw, Donbas, comes news that the 
meat packers have slaughtered 19,070 head of cattle 
as compared to 11,050 head in the past year. In some 
regions things are even worse. Calves and yearlings 
are slaughtered and even pedigree cattle. Horses are 
sold for only a fraction of their true worth. 

Before entering collective farming the middle, and 
even the poor farmers try to get rid of their livestock, 
hoarding the money from the sale. 

(Pravda, January 11, 1930). 


In the Blahosloyew district the number of horses 
has been reduced by 14 per cent, sheep by 39 per cent, 
oxen 84 per cent, grazing cattle 70 per cent, milch 
cows 13 per cent. Conditions are just as bad in other 
districts. Slaughtering continues. 

In the village of Zavadiwka, Odessa region, the 
blockheads announced socialization of livestock 


without previously preparing the farmers and on the 

following day out of 400 sheep only 167 were left. 

The rest were killed. Out of 600 cows, 200 remained 

and it is not known what became of the missing. 
(Pravda, January 24, 1930). 


TO SAVE PEDIGREE CALVES 


The meat packing concerns must carry on with 
their work in such a way as to ensure that pedigree 
calves and producing cattle are saved. Also the 
fattening-up of cattle must be resumed as soon as 
possible on the pastures of distilleries, breweries and 
sugar refineries. 

The present buying methods must be replaced 
by contracting livestock from the collective farms and 
the middle and poor farmers, thus speeding up the 
socialization of livestock. 

(Visti, November 23, 1929). 


15,000 HORSES ARE DESTROYED 


Recently in Byelorussia conditions have arisen 
which threaten collectivization of farming with grave 
consequences, Individual poor and middle farmers 
are, under the influence of the kurkuls, selling 
their horses. These are bought by a hide syndicate and 
the dairy-livestock co-operative solely for slaugh- 
tering. The horses are killed exclusively for their hide 
and the meat and bones are buried. Thirty per cent 
of the horses slaughtered were fit for work. 

Upon the advice of the Collective Farm Associa- 
tion, the Byelorussian collective farms will throw 
65,000 to 85,000 horses on the market this year. These 
calculations were reached after considering that w/t’ 
individual farming 18.5 horses were necded for the 
cultivation of 100 hectares (247 acres) of land 
while, with collective farming, only 11.5 horses per 
100 hectares are required. Therefore the 
Collective Farm Association considers it unwise to 
keep 85,000 horses it does not require. 

In addition the Association expects another 65,900 


239 


horses to come in after the liquidation of the kur- 
kuls. And so 150,000 horses will be destroyed. 

That this is a mistake is seen from the statement 
of the plenum of the Central Committee which says 
that many collective farms have only one or two 
horses and that measures be taken to supply those 
collective farms with an adequate number of draught 
animals. 

(Pravda, January 6, 1930). 


I. BUZHANYN 
"EQUUS KOLHOSPUS" 


In 1929-30 when, according to orders from higher authorities, 
the Communists drove the people into collective farms, and the 
farmers slaughtered their livestock and fowl, then after March 
2, 1930, when Stalin, trying to save the situation, published h- 
article “Dizzy With Success,” and the farmers took the collective 
farms apart and claimed their socialized cattle, the horses were 
left in collective farms in enormous numbers. There was no 
feed for such herds. At that time an extensive propaganda 
campaign began in the Soviet press urging that horses were 
idle eaters and would soon be replaced by tractors. 

And so the farmers’ horses were unwanted in the collective 
farms. No one knew what to do with them. In the fall of 1930, 
they were driven in great droves, into the open fields to shift 
for themselves. As long as there was a blade of grass here anc 
there and an odd weed they grazed and roarned the countryside. 

When winter set in there was nothing for them to feed on. 
The horses came back to the villages and collective farms, but 
were driven away. They rambled along main roads and byways 
growing thin and dying from hunger. There was not a road 
anywhere where dead horses were not obstructing passage and 
around them the village dogs and flocks of cows were tearing 
at the horse-flesh. A horse could then be bought for 1.5 rubles. 

In 1931, while working in the villages of the Наууогс- 
Hrushkiw, Savran, Pishchany, Bershady and other districts of 
the Odessa region I found innumerable horse skeletons in the 
ravines and gullies. Being a geologist and marking down all 
my paleontological discoveries in my notebook, I ironically 
named them “equus kolhospus.” (Domestic horses are called 
“equus domesticus” in Latin). 


240 








даже Не s gio an 
euas Luyery 
336 oa ш: CQ де SEND, 













er) 












aree 
VA ила sautut ISOR 456) 


porre 
















P Laco Meagas 
ВИ A 
pong aoran cuani 674777 
ag A deos адтала 2294 48у СЫ 

ў [Te 











а 
grasos ogra донн | бала Е тя A a 
1 zi Сайа Li Mead 79 sopnat eras Bion node 
Е 2 P LANB KARMA E 


а вя pui: 
eadva*na yg Зы 2 
[nones 











jo 
Lore te 30617. 


minae, 5 ный 





толоно) 
Б 


Order forbidding destruction of livestock 


241 


COLLECTIVIZATION AMONG THE KAZAKHS 


In 1930-32 I worked as a bookkeeper for the Alabatyn state 
grain farm in the Stepaniw distrikt, Omsk region, in Western 
Siberia. There I had the opportunity to observe collectivizatior 
among the Kazakhs. 

The colonization of Siberia along the Omsk-Ural railway 
They owned immense flocks of sheep and thousands of head of 
had forced the Kazakhs to the more open southern regions. 
in 1929-30 and all their livestock was socialized. They were not 
cattle. The Kazakhs were forced to join the collective farms 
capable of running collective farms and had no desire to do so. 
When Stalin made his desperate speech "Dizzy With Success," 
the Kazakhs took back their livestock from the collective farms. 
They rejioiced that Stalin was on their side. 

After this, a new method of collectivization was adopted, 
persuasion and agitation. But the Kazakhs refused to join, and 
again they were compelled to. Because the government con- 
sidered them unreliable small cattle collectives were specially 
organized for the Kazakhs. Most of their livestock was taken 
to the large state farm "Giant" which was planned for 100,000 
head. 

All summer long in 1931 building materials were hauled 
to this state farm. Fences were built, mowers were brought in 
and large quantities of hay harvested for the winter. But not 
all the fences could be erected before winter came, and so a 
substitute plan was devised. 

The hay was in long stacks. Between the stacks rows of 
poles were driven in the ground and over them and the hay- 
stacks a covering was made. This was a warm shelter for the 
cattle with the feed at hand. Mangers were made and most of 
the cattle were tethered. For a while everything was fine, but 
soon complications arose. The cattle broke loose and ate hay 
from the stacks, soon eating holes large enough for them to 
walk through and out of the enclosure. And so at the beginning 
of February, 1932, a catastrophe occurred in that state farm. 

This was the time of the snowstorms in those steppes. 
They continue without let-up for a month accompanied by severe 
frosts as low as 30 degrees below zero. The snow piles into 
high drifts through any openings it can find. 


242 


That year when the snowstorm began it soon broke down 
and buried the fences and haystacks. It also piled drifts over 
the cattle inside the fences. A state of emergency was declared 
and all hands summoned to the rescue, but to no avail. The 
cattle froze and died under the snow. 

By the following spring 13,000 head of cattle remained 
alive out of 117,000. 


THE KAZAKHS SLAUGHTERED THEIR CATTLE 


In1931, when collectivization was once more started, the 
Kazakhs refused to join. They took their cattle from the fields 
and pastured them in deep ravines or thick forests to keep them. 
out of reach of the collective farms. 

When winter came, the ravines and forests were filled with 
snow and the Kazakhs slaughtered their cattle. They froze the 
meat and hid it in brush piles. When the Soviet personnel who 
worked on the state farm wanted meat they simply followed a 
trail to one of the brush piles and stole it. 

When the spring thaw came the hidden meat began to 
spoil. Special brigades were sent to search the woods for the 
meat. They cleaned out the rotten parts and buried them in the 
ground. 

In this way the Kazakhs were robbed of their livlihood. 
Without their cattle they had nothing to live on and by spring, 
1932, they were in the midst of a horrible famine, just like the 
one then raging in Ukraine. 


243 


CHAPTER V. 


THE RUIN OF CO-OPERATIVE TRADE AN THE 
PARALYSIS OF THE DISTRIBUTION 
OF CONSUMER GOODS 


When the Communists came to power they abolished 
private enterprise, but soon co-operative enterprise began to 
flourish, All establishments for food products — meat, milk, 
eggs, fruits and vegetables — were in the hands of co-operatives 
through which a supply filtered to the workers in towns and 
cities. And through its trade net, the manufactured goods 
were distributed to the rural areas. Private stores, of which 
there were a few in the towns and villages, were heavily taxed 
by the government and barely existed. 

With the beginning of collectivization and the destruction 
of the better farmers who had been the main source of food 
products for the cities, co-operative enterprise was liquidated, 
for though it was a benevolent institution it was, nonetheless. 
chiefly owned by private individuals. As a result normal 
distribution of consumer goods was paralyzed, and immediately 
a food shortage occurred. Long queues formed outside the 
stores and a fierce struggle ensued for the little there was. 
Speculation on the cities’ free market boosted prices. The 
workers soon felt the aftermath of collectivization in their 
stomachs. 

To relieve the critical situation cafeterias were opened in 
the cities in nearly all establishments, factories and mines. The 
rush to these cafeterias was so great that they were soon 
unable to cope with the demand. Again a shortage of food 
appeared. Because the cafeterias were not a private enterprise 
but were ordered from above they were inefficiently run and 
insanitary. 

At the same time co-operatives in the villages were 
paralyzed in their trade. The farmers could not buy even the 
most ordinary everyday necessities. Private stores in the 
villages had all been liquidated, And so the villages also were 
now experiencing shortages and a struggle for manufactured 


245 


20045 was soon in full force. Long queues were everywhere. 


The following documents give concrete examples of that 
situation. 
Here are four documents for the month of October1929: 


The first two show that in Kiev and the larger towns of Donbas 
only from 5 too 40 per cent of the required amount of essential 
foodstuffs was supplied. The other two describe the gigantic 
queues of people outside the co-operative stores in Donbas, 
Dniepropetrovsk and Poltava regions. 


246 


IRREGULARITY OF DISTRIBUTION IN KIEV 


Recently in Kiev irregularities in the supply of 
consumer goods to the workers has been felt. Bread 
lines are in evidence again. There are shortages of 
meat, potatoes and milk. The reason for this is 
obviously the failure of food establishments to provide 
certain regions. (Until then distribution of food 
products was in the hands of the co-operatives who 
bought produce from the farmers at free market 
prices, but with compulsory collectivization all co- 
operative enterprise was paralyzed. — Ed.). 

The Meat Trust, instead of the required 74 tons 
of meat, supplied only 5 tons for the month of March. 

The Central Workers' Co-operative instead of 
1,300 pails of milk provides only 550 pails. Kiev's 
daily need is 7,000 pails. 

The Food Supply Association took on the re- 
sponsibility of supplying the Central Workers Co- 
operative with fresh cucumbers but no cucumbers 
have arrived. This order was changed to pickled 
cucumbers but they have not come either. 

The situation with regard to tomatoes is equally 
bad. The Food Supply Association does not can 
them. Two months ago the Food Trust received an 
order from the Central Workers’ Co-operative for 
125,000 quarts of tomatoes, but they have not yet 
arrived. 

A critical situation exists in the supply of wood. 
The Central Workers’ Co-operative has an agreement 
for 13 million poods of wood, but only 32 per cent 


of that quantity has been delivered. Мо railroad 
transportation is available for wood. 

The Fruit Supply Association has undertaken to 
deliver four carloads of potatoes daily but so far has 
only delivered four carloads in three months. 

Inefficiency in packing and delivery made be 
explained only by stupidity and utter disregard for 
the plans. 

(Visti, October 1, 1929). 


DEFECTS IN DISTRIBUTION TO WORKERS 
IN DONBAS 


In the Artemiw region, in Donbas. a shortage in 
the supply of vegetables exists and the meat supply is 
irregular. On March 22, they received no meat at 
all. 

The situation as regards butter is had. Individual 
co-operatives received only 5 to 27 per cent of the 
required amount. 

The egg supply is no better. Only 13 to 53 per 
cent of the actual requirements are met. 

The fish and herring supply is also bad. The 
Rykov Co-operative received only 13 tons instead of 
the 60 tons needed in August. In September, instead 
of 60 tons no fish at all was received. 

The distribution of sugar is irregular. The 
workers frankly state: “The newspapers say that we 
have plenty of sugar and we have sugar shortages.” 

There are serious irregularities in the distribution 
of vegetables. Deliveries are not guaranteed. Only 
15 to 20 per cent of the normal requirements are 
received. 

In the Stalino region the delivery of foodstuffs 
is also irregular. Shortages in salad oil, vegetables 
and dairy proJucts are keenly felt. 

In the Luhansk region there is no irregularity in 
the bread supply, but its quality is very low. Workers 
are demanding an increase in the supply of bread 
because prices on flour have risen to 9 rubles per 
pood (36 Ibs.). 

Irregularities are also felt in the distribution of 


247 


Dovzhan Co-operative 


received only 40 tons of butter instead of 100 tons. 


Deliveries of vegetables are often very late. 


butter, eggs and cereals. 


In Luhansk, instead of 400 


It is surprising that in Donbas irregularities in 
carloads 200 were delivered. 


the coal supply are felt. 


Co-operatives supply only 8 to 10 per cent of the 


milk requirements. 


i, October 2, 1929). 


Pu 
m 7 
opola et 


Ы, 


spa РЕ x m 


TO Opao, 
ays AP.- 


p: we боле ® 
SC ER 


Fonyaven toune mo} at 
(C PEE т TOME 
LA YRNMIAWE оспой &рствама We ff 


Ш 


RABOTO CORRY yxase a 
10у podore woflilapiwo ога учи 


mpannve пост 





толан тролопуА 


Ma oveny park,- 


Wienesi потреба. 


ARR 





Requisitioning of seed 


248 


DISTRIBUTION PARALYZED EVERYWHERE 


In Romno there are twenty different co-operative 
stores but on their shelves they have only such 
unessential items as face powder, cologne, perfume, 
chocolates, expensive wines, candies and so оп. Such 
food necessities as oil, cereals, herrings, tomatoes etc. 
are not to be found. 

The Central Workers Co-operative stores used 
to allot a worker 600 grams of bread daily and his 
dependents 200 grams each but now they have decided 
to economize, and on off days allow the workers only 
300 grams each and their dependents 100 grams. 

At a workers’ meeting in the Makhorka factory 
the heads of the Central Workers' Co-operative were 
asked whether or not white bread will become 
available, and if the prices on cucumbers and butter 
will come down, because, they are higher in the co- 
operatives than on the private market. 

Unfortunately the workers received no reply to 
their queries. 

(Visti, October 2, 1929). 


In the Kremenchug district special days are set 
for the Izyum Consumers' Trade Organization the 
only bread store sells other goods, for instance con- 
fections. While long lines of people are waiting to 
buy bread anyone can walk up and buy pastry out of 
turn. 

"What about those who do not buy pastry but 
need bread?" 

“That’s nothing. They can wait," is the re- 
ply of the co-operative servants. 
(Visti, October 5, 1929) 


BREAD LINES AT THE STORES 


Near the Sentyaniwka station, in Donbas, at four 
o'clock in the morning the large sign of the TST 
(Transportation Co-operative Society) store can be 
seen across the way. The store is closed because of 
the early hour. 

But to the right, a little closer to the station, be- 


249 


250 


side two small buildings women, teen-agers and chil- 
drensit dozing. At first sight they might be taken for 
passengers awaiting a train but, on closer inspection, 
it becomes evident that it is a line for bread and meat. 

Actually this is not news. Such lines are encoun- 
tered all through the district. Workers leave for their 
jobs at 6 or 6:30 a.m. and bread must be obtained for 
their breakfasts. Some are lucky enough to find a 
loaf, others go to work without it. 

Bread is sold every two days, and so is the meat. 
Sanitary conditions in both stores are deplorable 
Sheds are built from slabs which leave open cracks in 
the walls. Often bread and meat are brought in in the 
evening and left in the sheds overnight. Dust and sand 
blow in through the cracks and that is why the bread 
and meat are so grimy. 

Trading in this manner must be stopped if only 
because a typhoid fever epidemic is breaking out in 
Donbas. 

(F. Haydamaka, Visti, October 9, 1929) 


DISORDER IN THE DISTRIBUTION 
OF POTATOES 


In Dienpropetrovsk all Central Workers' Co-op- 
erative warehouses, fuel yards, circus grounds and 
other possible storage spaces are overflowing with 
potatoes. Two or three hundred carloads arrive daily. 
Altogether 250,000 cwt. of potatoes are due to come 
in. Only recently long lines stood outside the co-op- 
erative stores waiting for potatoes which were not 
there. Now the Central Workers’ Co-operative does 
not know what to do with the potatoes on hand. 

There are not enough distribution points. There 
is a shortage of storage space and no packages. There 
is no transportation either for the potatoes or for the 
workers to unload them. 

The Co-operative could disdtribute potatoes right 
from the train in thickly populated workers' districts 
like Kaydaka, Nizhne-Dnieprovsk and others, but the 
railroad officials categorically refuse to send the cars 


that way, explaining that the invoices are made out to 
Dniepropetrovsk. 

Cars are not available to the factories on railroad 
branch lines. 

On the freight yards mountains of potatoes lie in 
the open but the railroad management absolutely re- 
fuses to supply canvas even though there is plenty 
of it. 

As they unloaded with steel shovels they are 
badly cut up, which has caused them to rot. 

Wniepropetrovsky, Visti, October 14, 1929) 


SUPPLY TO THE WORKERS IN A 
TERRIBLE STATE 


Serving the consumers to be raised to the highest 
level. 

Twisting Party directives, inefficient manage- 
ment, littering the apparatus of trade organizations 
with foreign elements, and inertia, are the chief draw- 
backs to the smooth running of the co-operatives. 
(The above slogans were published by the Soviet 
government on the pages of its newspapers when sup- 
ply to the workers was completely paralyzed by col- 
lectivization. Ed.) 

A special commission appointed by the Regional 
Party Committee, consisting of 246 people, conducted 
an investigation for two months into the work of the 
Kharkiw Central Workers Co-operative. Their find- 
ings were as follows: 

In meat distribution, many mistakes and even 
criminal offences were found. Service is very poor. 
The meat store was filled with foreign and hostile ele- 
ments. Many of the workers were arrested. 

Decentralized supply of dairy products has not 
been organized. 

Fruits are badly stored, a large percentage is 
spoilt and great shortages have been found. 

There are many shortcomings in the clothing 
trade. The required sizes are not available, the as- 
sortment is poor and unseasonal and not nearly 
enough children’s clothing is in stock. 


251 


о 
pel 


There is an oversupply of haberdashery. 

The service in the trading system is very poor. 
Street vending has diminished considerably. The lim- 
ited stock of goods has resulted in a higher cost of 
labor connected with the trading industry. 

The turnover of stock is very slow: groceries—41 
days, haberdashery—83 days, dishes and cookware— 
84 days, musical instruments—144 days. 

With the average turnover increasing by 19 per 
cent, food products turnover increased only 10 per 
cent. The bread stores even decreased their turnover 
by 37 per cent. 

The drive to bind shareholders to certain stores 
is stupidly conducted, without considering the stores' 
possibilities. A store of approximately 600 square feet 
has 4,000 compulsory customers and a store area of 
approximately 500 square feet has 8,000 customers. 

The inevitable results are: long queues, misunder- 
standings, dissatisfaction on the part of the consumers 
and poor service. 

In every store prices showed utter disregard for 
the directives. 

In the Central Workers’ Committee's cafeterias 
meals are not prepared according to dietetic stand- 
ards and even at the present moment 600 workers 
from the Kharkiw Locomotive Plant are suffering 
from stomach disorders. 

The quality of the meals is low. Service is inade- 
quate. Supply for food produce to the cafeterias is 
irregular. Sanitary conditions are unsatisfactory and 
cafeterias have losses. 

The bread is poorly baked. Baking of bread has 
increased 3,611,000 pounds. 

Prices on goods fluctuate a great deal: on her- 
rings from 15 to 48 per cent, cereals—13 to 17 per cent, 
rice—20 to 91 per cent, other items—39 to 121 per 
cent. 
The trading apparatus is littered with hostile and 
foreign elements such as former traders and white 
guardsmen. 

The work of the public controllers, store commit- 


tees and authorized workers is unsatisfactory. 

The newspaper "The Worker's Need" is run 
unsatisfactorily. 

In the opinion of the Commission of the Regional 
Party Committee the unsatisfactory operation of the 
Kharkiw Central Workers’ Co-operative is the result 
of the bureaucratic structure of the organization. The 
Commission suggests that the supply to the workers 
be decentralized, and the work of the co-operatives be 
carried closer to the workers. 

(Visti, December 17, 1929). 


SUPPLY TO THE WORKERS IN A BAD STATE 


(From the conference of the Ukrainian Worker's 
Co-operatives) 

In Dniepropetrovsk workers are forced to spend 
several days a week buying their food supply, because 
certain food items are available only on certain days. 
The Workers’ Co-operatives also receive their supply 
of goods at irregular times. 

“Our potato situation in Odessa is dreadful,” 
said a TST (Transportation Co-operative Society) 
representative. 

A representative from the Kremenchug Central 
Workers’ Co-operative complains that towns which 
did not get on the regular supply list now cannot 
supply the workers in their vicinity who in turn must 
look for their supplies on private markets. 

The representative from the People’s Commis- 
sariat of Workers’ Farmers Inspection states that no 
revision of the registration list of shareholders has 
been made within thelast few years so that many de- 
ceased are among those receiving food rations. All 
lists must be thoroughly checked and thus a lot of 
food saved. 

The quality of footwear is extremely poor. Shoes 
wear out in a month or two. Absenteeism in Dniep- 
ropetrovsk is very frequent and is explained by the 
workers as being due to a lack of shoes to wear to 
work. 

Often establishments send hogs to the farms to 


253 


254 


be fattened but they are usually past the stage of be- 
ing able to be fattened. Dairy farms are often sent 
cows which do not yield milk. 

The government directive to raise the pay of the 
workers by 12 per cent must be carried out, but also 
prices on food products and the operating expenses 
of the co-operatives must be reduced. In many places, 
however, food prices continue to rise. 

Co-operatives still function in an unsatisfactory 
manner. They have not eliminated their chief errors. 
A purge of the co-operative organization is sorely 
needed to rid it of foreign elements, who form the 
snag in the supply to the workers. 

(Visti, January 1, 1930) 


INSANITARY CONDITIONS IN CAFETERIAS 


In all sugar refineries throughout Poltava cafe- 
terias are run by local co-operative organizations, but 
not all are alike. For example, the cafeteria in the 
Chubariw refinery is clean and the meals are good. 

On the other hand the co-operative cafeteria in 
the Leningrad refinery is filthy and untidy. The food 
is poor. Instead of bread some soft, soggy, sour mess 
is served. It has a chemical taste and often nails and 
twine are found in it. 

Recently an outrageous incident occurred there. 
A worker ordered borsch (soup made from beets 
and other vegetables), dipped a spoon in it and lifted 
out a whole scalded rat. The reason for that was later 
determined. The kitchen is infested with rats. When 
meat is sliced they calmly come close and eat the 
left-overs. This irritated the cooks desperately and 
one of them in a fit of rage caught the rat and threw 
him in the borsch. 

One worker ordered porridge. He stared at it 
and could not believe his eyes. The porridge was 
moving. Sensational news! Live porridge in the cafe- 
teria! The answer: worms! 

Too often workers complain about the quality 
of meals served in cafeteria No. 14, of the Kharkiw 
Central Workers Co-operative, in the factory "Miner's 


Light." Most of the misunderstandings occur over 
borsch, which is always under-cooked. The manager 
has solved this problem in his own way. To those 
who complain he serves the liquid only. Those who 
come in later are served dishes unfinished by earlier 
diners, and the workers upbraid the cooks for the 
small servings given them. 

In the Kiev factory, "The Red Flag’, the cafe- 
teria does not in the least resemble an establishment 
which caters to the public. It is small, damp, dark 
and dirty, located in an insanitary unhygienic base- 
ment through which sewer pipes run. 

The cafeteria in the factory “Bolshevik”, in 
Kiev, is located in an old tumble-down building with 
a very low ceiling. It has a catering capacity of 400 
people, while there are 1,600 men working in the fac- 
tory. 

The insanitary conditions of the cafeterias are 
due to overcrowding which is also the cause of poor 
ventilation, crowding at tables and poor service. The 
calory content of the meals is also very low. Ап analy- 
sis showed that the dinners have a calory deficiency 
of 27 per cent. Instead of the 1.245 required calories 
only 932 calories are served in a portion. 

Servings are uneven. Meals are without variety. 
The queues are long. Calculations reveal that 16.5 
per cent of the workers wait up to 15 minutes, 35.6 
per cent wait up to 30 minutes and 47.9 per cent wait 
over 30 minutes for their meals. 

(Visti, December 15, 1929) 


RUINING TRADING IN THE VILLAGES 


The Dobrovelychkiw Co-operative in Pervom- 
aysk region serves thousands of shareholders. It has 
only three co-operative stores where previously 33 
private stores operated. 

After it was decided that the Co-operative would 
take over all trading it soon became evident that it 
had not enough distribution centers. And so the vil- 
lagers, pushing and shoving each other, waste their 
working hours, sometimes whole days, in order to 


255 


buy some simple necessity. Often in such crowds 
petty thievery is committed. 

It is all-important that our Co-operative open a 
few more stores in town and the neighboring villages. 
This will ease the load on the present store and will 
give uninterrupted service to the consumers. 

(Visti, December 19, 1929) 


DISTRIBUTION TO THE VILLAGES 
ALSO PARALYZED 


The Consumers Association in the village of 
Korytne, Mohylyan region, receives the commodities 
in short supply punctually and according to plan. Un- 
fortunately, though, they do not get to those con- 
sumers for whom they are intended. 

Often some poor fellow will stand outside, freez- 
ing, but the store attendant will not let him in be- 
cause he closes in half an hour. “Come in the after- 
noon," he tells him. 

Fine! The poor man returns in the afternoon but 
the commodity has gone. Where? Hinko Levytsky 
took some for his wife, Mykyta Pohribaylo for a rela- 
tive and the manager, Volodymyr Bratiychuk, for his 
friends. 

On the whole, trading is done in a very haphaz- 
ard manner. 

For instance, a teacher comes to buy gas for the 
Organization for the Liquidation of Illiteracy and 
stands in line for four hours. Or somebody might ask 
for shoe soles and get the following reply: "Sell us a 
cow hide and we will sell you soles." 

Can such an attitude toward the people be 
allowed? Shuold distribution of commodities be done 
in this unfair manner, almost never allowing anything 
to the poor? This problem should be given serious 
attention. 

A district representative comes to the Odessa 
branch of VUKS (Ukrainian Co-operative Associa- 
tion) for a new stock of goods. He tries to choose the 
assortment and sizes, but the right sizes are not 
available. They promise to send them out later. The 


representative returns and the goods arrive. But of 
what use are they? Expensive all-wool suits are of 
no use to the people. Women's coats would fit 
children. 

Many organizations are stocked full of suits in 
small sizes. It is impossible for a man to buy a suit. 
Besides, no standard price is marked on the tags and 
this may lead to disregard for the law. 

(Visti, January 18, 1930) 

Naturally, with trading degenerating to such a hopeless 
state that the co-operatives have ceased to serve consumers 
normally, the consumers lost all interest in buying shares in 
them. The capital of the shares already in the co-operatives 
was inadequate for a large enough turnover to allow proper 
expansion needed to replace the liquidated private businesses. 

In view of this the government issued an outcry, the so- 
called “maneuver with goods," e. i., promising all commodities 
to shareholders of good standing only. This was the beginning 
of a trade war against the consumers. 


MOBILIZING EXPENDITURES THROUGH 
CO-OPERATIVE SHARES 


The Ukrainian Co-operative Association has re- 
leased a report on accumulated shares by the Con- 
sumers Co-operative, dated February 2. The quar- 
terly plan called for 9 million rubles, but for October 
and November only 6% million, 71.5 per cent, was col- 
lected. Many regions are very slow: Hlukhiw, Kono- 
top, Bila Tserkvo, Podilya, Izyum, Lubni, Poltava, 
Romen, Starobil, Kryvy Rich, Artemiw, Stalino. 

In many regions a distortion of the class line is 
evident: Hlukhiw, Kamyanets, Lubni, Nizhen, Pry- 
luky, Sumy, Artemiw, Stalino. In these regions the 
plans have been completed through the efforts of the 
poor farmers rather than through those better off. 

The Regional Associations wield insufficient in- 
fluence on the masses to insure a proper class line in 
the accumulation of shares. 

The administration of the Ukrainian Co-opera- 
tive Association suggests that regions should collect 
shares individually, together with the taxes. The plan 


257 


for the second quarter is for 16 million rubles. 

Concrete plans have been drawn up: to agitate 
for a voluntary shortening of the instalment term for 
paying up shares, and to apply the "goods maneuver" 
to gain this end, i. e., supply only those shareholders 
with consumer goods who have paid up their shares 
before the appointed dates. All shareholders, with 
the exception of poor farmers and farm laborers, who 
miss payments are to be deprived of certain privileges 
in obtaining goods. 

Sources of the shares: 

In sixty Consumer Associations of the Odessa 
region from poor farmers and farm laborers, 9,000 
rubles came in instead of 15,000, from the middle farm- 
ers 15,500 rubles came instead of 25,000 rubles, from 
kurkuls 25,000 rubles came in instead of 40,000. In 
Ivaniw Association 59 per cent of the shares came 
from the poor farmers, 44 per cent from the middle 
{агтегз and 37 per cent from thekurkuls. 

In the farmers credit unions (Ukrainian Farmers 
Bank) loans are long overdue. Arrears amount to 31 
million rubles. 

The molilization of shares is very sluggish. In- 
stead of 7.2 million rubles only 800,000 rubles have 
been mobilized—11.8 per cent. 

(Visti January 15, 1930) 


PLANS FOR THE EXPORT OF BACON 
ARE HAMPERED 


In two or three months a bacon plant will be 
open in Vynnytsya, but so far supply of the produce 
has not been ensured. 

The production program of the plant is planned 
for 156,000 hogs. It is advisable to contract 24,000 
hogs for feeding up to bacon grade. A check of the 
contracts of Vynnytsya, Berdychiw, Kamyanets 
Podilsky and Proskuriw regions shows that the plans 
cannot be carried out. 

For example, a favorable situation exists in the 
Mohyliw region but the Dairy Association has con- 
tracted for only five hogs instead of 15,000 according 








ЕЕ ИКАЯ 





li мелочи sisouoend se. 41 Голови олари 
POOP EAT ICA TO вөғотовтнай ови ера зох 


н дөгоазиена vedgo ivo mine opraw L sare павін z 


Е 2 


wet me 








oth go erani yarora в 
Sans UCET 








inex поди rh Lanna 


Ae e mura 
Е oiu Tm CT 
j этә: зарам nABX; lere рот, t 
sb DEREN SERES Ente rA 
ковани cU DA АЗ aa arar HT EBREN олени LÀ 








Мые ша а nm 
Бра гы 


WRAY Hb... Waa cf tat V 
Abate bere bet eg M rre má 
Order ути destruction of livestock 





to plan. The main drawback in contracting is lack of 
credit and concentration of contracting. All this ham- 
pers contracting plans and, consequently, exporting 


plans. 
(Visti. December 13, 1929) 


EXPORT PLANS ARE HAMPERED 


The College of People's Commissariat of Trade 
confirmed that exporting plans for October and No- 
vember have not been completed satisfactorily. Ех- 
porting organizations work slowly and unwillingly. 
In certain regions commissions for assisting export 
plans function unsatisfactorily. 

Thus, the College confirmed the necessity for ет- 
ploying a series of strict measures in order to achieve 
a certain vantage point in exporting trade at the ear- 
liest possible moment. 

In view of the fact that some of the primary dairy 
and meat products have fallen out of the exporting 
trade, special attention must be given to secondary 
products. Export of such iterns as rags, bones, horse 
hair, medical grasses, all kinds of scrap, honey, fruits, 
fresh and dehydrated vegetables, and others must be 
expanded. 

The secondary products for export must have the 
center of attention. At the same time it is imperative 
to expand the work of all branches of industry who 
supply goods for export. Especially is it advisable to 
direct more attention to such products as kaolin, gran- 
ite, chemical products and coke-benzol products, and 
handicrafts. 

The existing exporting plans of the People’s Com- 
missariat of Trade for the regions must be carried to 
the districts and individual organizations such as state 
farms, collective farms, co-operative associations. 

The College has decided to set up strict super- 
vision to prevent products earmarked for export from 
being unloaded for home marketing. Any infringe- 
ment of this order will be severely penalized. 

"The College has declared a series of premiums for 


the best completion of exporting plans. 
(Visti, January 1, 1930) 


CHAPTER VI 


GRAIN COLLECTING 


Preparing for an aggressive external policy against the 
capitalist world and equipping the Red Army through his first 
Five-Year Plan (actually war industry) Stalin adopted Trot- 
sky's slogan—'Ride the farmer's nag until the Communist iron 
horse can be built'—the slogan for which Trotskyite opposition 
was smashed. 

To build this military industry the Communists needed 
capital, which they did not possess. The capitalist world would 
not give them loans, so they decided to find this capital among 
their farmers by robbing them of all farm produce, especially 
grain, which they traded successfully abroad. 

Therefore their internal war with the farmers for collecti- 
vization was carried on to gain government control of all agri- 
cultural products, and grain in particular. For that reason the 
Communists later, in 1931, adopted Lenin's slogan: “Struggle 
for grain—struggle for socialism." 

In 1929 the Communists launched their all-out collectiviza- 
tion program with its fierce struggle for all farm produce, its 
grain collecting plans and finally, in Ukraine, the horrible fam- 
ine of 1932-33. Half a bushel of grain was of more value then, 
according to Communist calculations, than a human life which 
could have been saved by that half bushel. 

The whole attention of the Communist govenment was 
concentrated not on the circumstances of the farmers and on 
providing them with at least a bare minimum of food, but on 
the amount of grain collected (robbed) from them. 

In those years completing grain plans became the chief 
slogan and a gage for the success of the local governments in 
carrying out directives and orders from the Communist Party. 

Beginning in 1929, the Communist government rebuilt the 
whole system of management of the agricultural industry. It 
liquidated the local democratic organs which had governed 
with some degree of autonomy and instead created centralized 
all-Union bodies which had control of agriculture including, of 





261 


course, the grain collecting plan and other plans pertaining to 
this industry. 

In the document below we see that until 1929 grain col- 
lecting plans in Ukraine were exclusively in the hands of Uk- 
rainian co-operatives which were directly subordinate to the 
Ukrainian Central Government in Kharkiw. Still earlier grain 
was bought on the free markets at regular market prices. Just 
before the collectivization, however, the government forced the 
farmers, through contracting, to sell certain amounts of grain 
to the state at "state prices,” i.e., at half price or for next to 
nothing. For this reason the grain collecting plan in Ukraine 
in 1928, which called for 65 million bushels of grain, brought 
only 80 per cent of that amount. 

The second document mentions the liquidation of different 
local democratic purchasing establishments, among them co- 
operative organizations and the local democratic “ministries of 
lands" and the creation of an all-Soviet United People’s Com- 
missariat of the Grain Industry. 





В. KIYANYN, former student 
AGRICULTURE IS A HOARD 


At the time of heated discussions and struggles in the Com- 
munist Party between the so-called "Stalin's general line" and 
“Trotsky’s left wing trend," when Trotsky's advice to the Party 
was to put the whole weight of the building of socialism in the 
USSR on agriculture—in order to build our iron horse we must 
for the time being ride the farmers' nag—the following joke was 
in circulation. 

Trotsky was asked to answer four questions. 

1. What does the Party mean to the workers of the USSR? 

2. What does agriculture inean to the state? 

3. What is Trotskyist opposition likely to bring the Soviet 

nation? 

4. What does the present rule according to Stalin's general 

line mean? 

Trotsky replied that he must give a talk (doklad) in 
order to answer the questions. He was told that there was no 
time for that and that his answers must be as brief and possible. 
He thought for a while and said: 

“To the first question you may obtain an answer by omit- 


262 


ting the first letter from my speech: doklad—oklad )bur- 


den), 


To the second question by omitting the first two letters: 


doklad—klad (hoard), 


To the third question by omitting the first three letters: 


doklad—lad (order), 


To the fourth question by omitting the first four letters: 


doklad—ad (hell)." 


And so in the Soviet language farming means hoarding. 


THE GAP BETWEEN MARKET PRICES 
AND CONTRACTING 


People's Commissar of Trade, Veitser, giving a 
report of the grain collecting plan for 1928-29, to the 
Presidium of the Ukrainian Central Committee, 
stated: 

"Last year's grain collecting plan for 65 million 
bushels was completed 80 per cent on the whole, 77 
per cent on wheat and rye and still less on corn and 
sunflower seed. 

An obstinate resistence to the collecting plans is 
made by the kurkul who stubbornly refuses to sell 
his grain to the state. 

Complying with the wishes of the farmers the 
grain collecting plan will be carried to every village. 

The grain collecting plans have been handled by 
Ukrainian organizations: the Grain Association and 
the Consumers' and Farmers' Co-operatives. 

Petrovsky suggests that children under govern- 
ment maintenance in children's homes should be given 
more and better food. 

In its resolution, the Ukrainian Central Executive 
Committee confirms that last year's grain collecting 
campaign was conducted in difficult circumstances 
which arose because of the poor crop on the Ukrainian 
steppes, the wide gap between prices on the free mar- 
kets and the contracts and the resistance of the 
kurkul 

The Presidium of the Ukrainian Central Execu- 
tive Committee further confirms that this year’s cam- 
paign will also be difficult. Therefore it proposes that 


263 


264 


а! Regional Executive Committees, District Execu- 
tive Committees and village Soviets draw into the 
grain collecting campaign and the execution of the 
plan all the village social organizations and all organ- 
izations of the poor and middle-class farmers in order 
to defeat kurkul resistance. 

The Presidium proposes that 75 per cent of the 
plan be completed by January 1, 1930, and the whole 
plan for February or March. 

The Presidium considers the main undertaking 
of all soviet and co-operative organizations to be the 
completion of grain collecting plans on time. 

(Visti, January 5, 1929) 


HOW PEOPLE'S COMMISSARIATS OF AGRI- 
CULTURE OF THE REPUBLICS WERE 
LIQUIDATED 


(Resolutions of the Plenum of the Central Committee 
of the Communist Party). 

(a) The collective farm has become a widespread 
movement of the poor and middle masses and is caus- 
ing speedy development of large collective farms and 
complete collectivization of entire districts and regions. 

(b) Large grain establishments (collective and 
state farms) are outgrowing the boundaries of national 
state organizations, which had earlier been responsible 
for creating the Central Farmers Bank and the 
Association of Co-operative Organizations and, later, 
such social production organizations as the Grain 
Trust, Collective Farm Center, Tractor Center, Farm 
Supply, Cattle Ranch, Sheep Ranch and others, and 
now need one all-Union management. 

(c) The matter of stepping up production, of 
strengthening industry and agriculture and strengthen- 
ing a direct connection between industry and separate 
branches of agriculture presents, besides a union of 
all industry of the USSR, the need for a union of all 
branches of agriculture in the whole of the USSR. 

(d) To create large socialist agricultural industry 
is possible only with a centralized organization and 
a strengthening of individva!, backward, minority 


regions with proletariat forces from the central re- 
gions of the Soviet Union. 

(e) Development of scientific research in agri- 
culture has gained momentum entirely due to all- 
Union management. 

(f) In view of the above-mentioned facts it is a 
foregone conclusion that management of agriculture 
must be concentrated in one Soviet center. 

Therefore the Plenum of the Central Committee 
of the Communist Party emphasizes the need for 
creating a united People's Commissariat of Agri- 
culture of the USSR. 

(Visti, November 21, 1929) 


Y. BONDAR 


GIVE MORE AND MORE GRAIN 


In the hamlet of Novo-Volodymyriwka, Sakhnov district, 
Kharkiw region, classification of farmers into kurkuls (the 
prosperous farmers), middle farmers, poor farmers and farm 
laborers began in 1928. 

The kurkuls were taxed heavily with the so-called 
"export tax" because they were also referred to as "exporters." 

After grain collecting, a representative would call on a 
farmer at night and order — "Give us the grain." After the 
farmer had taken in the 150 bushels levied on hirn earlier, he was 
always taxed with a similar additional amount. If he managed 
to meet the second demand another 100 bushels was imposed. 
1f he pleaded that he had no more to give. he was told to buy 
some. In this case it would have to be bought at market prices 
and then sold to the government at the fixed price. I myself 
went to the market with my mother to buy grain for such a 
purpose but there was none for sale. 

Sometimes one of the thugs would suddenly appear in the 
night, push a pistol under the farmer's nose and bellow: "You 
snake! So you have grain but will not give it to the state! Well, 
you will give me everything.” 

There was one who especially indulged in terrorizing the 
farmers. He was about 47 years of age. squat. with a black 
goatee and the appearance of a story-book villain. His name 
was Kholodov and his cruelty was notorious. 


265 


266 


GRAIN COLLECTING PLAN NOT 
PROCTICABLE 


After the 16th Party Congress in 1929, at which 
the problem of collectivization and grain collecting 
was frankly discussed, the Central Committee of the 
Communist Party of Ukraine called a special 
of the secretaries of Regional Committees, in July of 
that year, and gave them pointers on how to carry 
out Moscow’s orders and collect all the grain from 
Ukraine, 

After the grain collecting plan had been carried 
out in every village throughout Ukraine an individual 
farmer's plan was enforced. 

The Regional Party Committee Bureau then 
wrote the following letter to the Central Committee 
of ihe Communist Party of Ukraine to all affiliated 
bodies, and to the secretaries of the District Party 
Committees. 

“The individual farmer's plan (imposing a certain 
portion of the grain collecting plan on individual, more 
prosperous farmers — Ed.) can be relied on for 25 
to 30 per cent of the food produce plan, The remaining 
70 to 75 per cent will have to be taken from the 
middle and poor farmers, in which case a seed 
shortage might occur for that group. The central 
grain collecting plan will not leave a single pound of 
grain for the people’s own consumption. 

"In some places protests are heard that the grain 
collecting plan is too big and cannot be completed. 
Ukrainian Party organizations are waging an intensive 
struggle with different forms of resistance to the plan. 

"Actively assisting the government with its grain 
collecting plan in Ukraine are 6,500 Communists, 
hundreds of labor brigades and the middle-class 
farmers." 


(Pravda, November 6, 1929. No. 231. Excerpt from an 
article by Vynnytsky, "Struggle for Сгаіп."). 


GRAIN IS SEIZED FROM FARMERS, AND ROTS 


Twelve carloads of wheat are rotting in the 
basernents of the flour mill "Red Star" in Zheleznyany 


district in Donbas. Most of the granaries are 
unsuitable for grain storage. The roofs leak and the 
walls have large cracks through which the grain spills 
to the ground outside. 

Seeing this slipshod inefficiency the farmers are 
rightfully indignant at the mill manager. 

(Pravda, September 28, 1929). 


At the Byelorussian branch of the Grain Associa- 
tion 2,500 tons of grain are piled out in the open. In 
Voronkovo 100 tons of grain has rotted in granaries. 
Grain loaded in cars is also starting to rot. In many 
parts of Odessa grain is lying in heaps on the ground 
not even covered. Because of the fast tempo of 
collecting grain from the farmers, tens of thousands of 
tons of grain are thus piled on the ground under the 
open sky. 

Farmers wait in lines for ten to twelve hours, 
sometimes even two days before the grain they werc 
told to bring is unloaded. Whole caravans of wagon 
loads of grain move one after another only to be 
unloaded on the ground because of lack of storage 
space. 

Transportation of sugar beets to sugar refineries 
has started. This is also a shock action venture. Cars 
from the grain collecting will be used. In a week 
the corn collecting plan begins and the yield is three 
times that of grain yield. 

If storage and transportation of grain is not 
handled with more efficiency thousands of tons will 
spoil. 

(N. N. Kornilov, Pravda, October 12, 1929) 


MIS-MANAGEMENT OF PRODUCE 
SEIZED FROM FARMERS 


KIEV, October 18, 1929. A special commission 
conducted an investigation into the work of the Kiev 
Trade Unions in the grain collecting plan and it is 
found to be inadequate. It has been decided that 
shock brigades of professinal union workers and 
worker's actives will be thrown into the districts. 
With this end in view many workers have been 


267 


268 


mobilized, divided into groups and dispatched to the 
villages of the Kiev, Bila Tserkva, Uman, Berdychiw, 
Shepetiwka, and Pryluky regions. 

Most of the workers have been supplied by the 
metallurgical, tanners, lumber jacks and printers 
unions. They will all remain at their assigned places 
until the grain collecting plan is completed. 

The brigade which went to Krasyliw district, She- 
petiwka region wrote back the following. 

“The brigade came to the district under the 
auspices of the Grain Association. The work is 
difficult from every standpoint. This is our first 
experience with the potato-collecting plan and we 
find this unfavorable situation. Potatoes lie in the 
mud and are loaded into cars without being cleaned. 
583 tons of potatoes lie out in the open and spoil as 
more continue to come. Lack of transportation in- 
terferes with the completion of the plan. 

The same situation exists with the grain collecting 
plan. All storage houses, makeshift constructions, 
are filled to capacity. Grain is piled in wet places. In 
the Krasyliw district 2,500 tons of grain lie at one 
unloading point. Railway service is irregular and one 
car a day leaves the Krasyliw district... Because of 
this delivery of winter grains is held up by the 
farmers. This may result in an uncompleted grain- 
collecting plan. 

The brigade requests that urgent measures be 
employed." 

(Pravda, October 18, 1929). 





SHORTAGE OF BAGS FOR GRAIN 


Ukraine has taken an assignment upon herself — 
fully to complete the year's grain collecting plan by the 
twelfth of October anniversary. An increased number 
of bags will be needed for that purpose, but only 40 
per cent of the original assignment has been received 
in Ukraine. 

Besides the steps taken by the administrations 
and organizations, great work has been done by the 
people in general in the task of mobilizing bags. The 


Co-operative Center has asked its branches imme- 
diately to organize an active for collecting bags. 
In many regions this work is proceeding in shock 
action order. 

In two days PRAVDA reporters found more 
than 15,000 empty bags, lying idle in co-operative and 
trade organizations. The Kremenchug Komsomols 
uncovered 18,000 bags in three days and 22 suitable 
places for grain storage. In the Uman region bag- 
collecting is carried on with the slogan: “Every farmer 
must give one bag.” In Vynnytsya region, in response 
to the appeal from the Regional Executive Committee, 
40,000 bags were collected in two days. 

Altogether in eleven regions 175,000 bags were 
collected in five days for the grain collecting plan. 

(Pravda, November 1, 1929). 


ADDITIONAL ROBBERY — A GIFT 


In answer to the assassination by the kurkuls 
of the village reporter, Sawchuk, in the village of 
Zubatiw, Shepetiwka district, the workers of the 
Lantsut Sugar Refinery and the Shepetiwka Railway 
Junction have decided to send a gift to the workers of 
the "Krasny Putilovets" factory in Leningrad of a 
trainload of grain. For this purpose the government 
will collect 700 tons of grain over and above the grain- 
collecting quota for the year. 

(Pravda, October 20, 1929). 


GIVE THE MULTURE TOO 


Multure is taken in flour mills, hulling mills and 
oil mills and is considered part of the grain-collecting 
plan. In the Kiev region multure is coming in slow. 
and so far only 27 per cent of the planned quota has 
been collected. This can be explained by the weakness 
in the Grain Association organization, and the in- 
experience of the agency, since, during the period o: 
grain collecting farmers do not bring in grain for 
milling. Expanding the work of the grain-collecting 
plans the organizations do not give enough attention 
to multure. 


269 


The Kiev region has given itself the assignment 
of completing the multure plan by November 7. 
(Pravda, November 5, 1929). 


ROBBED GRAIN — GIFT FOR MOSCOW 


Farmers in some villages of the Zhmerynka 
district, Vynnytsya region, have decided at their 
meetings to make a gift of a trainload of grain to the 
October Anniversary. This grain is to be collected 
over and above the grain-collecting plan. Farmers in 
the villages of Stodultsi, Zhmerynka and Holow- 
chyntsi, where the village reporter, Korol, was 
assassinated, decided to make an October gift to the 
workers of Moscow by sending a trainload of grain. 

At the Plenum of the Zhmerynka District Exe- 
cutive Committee, where 500 farmers from different 
villages attended, it was decided to send Moscow a 
trainload of potatoes and ten carloads of grain. 

The collection of potatoes and grain is going on 
throughout the district. 

(Pravda, November 1, 1929), 


ALL SUNFLOWER SEED FOR THE STATE 


In the Dniepropetrovsk region the collecting plan 
for sunflower seed is progressing with unimaginable 
slowness. According to plan 25,000 bushels should 
have been collected but only 6,500 bushels, 26 per 
cent, have so far come in. 

The kurkuls and private speculators have 
raised the price on sunflower seed oil. Oil is shipped 
through the mail in package form and the kurkul 
is abetting the speculator’s scheme. 

The oil mills are overflowing with sunflower seed. 
The kurkuls are getting rid of it very quickly and 
shipping oil to the towns and cities. 

Measures have been taken against the speculators. 
The number of oil mills is limited and the amount of 
sunflower seed milled restricted. Only four to five 
pints of oil per month is allowed for each farm family. 

(Pravda, November 24, 1929). 


A SELF-IMPOSED TAX FOR CULTURAL 
PURPOSES 


KHARKIW. Since October 1, self-imposed 
taxation has been in operation in Ukraine for the 
benefit of cultural needs. In many districts this 
campaign is carried on intensively. Public opinion 
of the poor-middle masses of the villages is mobilized 
around the self-imposed taxation plan. 

Notwithstanding the malicious resistance of the 
kurkuls, the villagers everywhere are carrying 
decisions for self-imposed taxation amounting to 50 
per cent of the regular farm tax. 

According to the scant information received by 
the People’s Commissariat of Finance, by October 
15 farmers’ meeting had decided on self-imposed 
taxation to the amount of 25 million rubles. The whole 
plan for this year calls for a total of 40 million rubles — 
2.5 times that for the past year. 

The districts have begun a gigantic task and 
attained notable results. For example, the Poltava 
region had already collected half of the self-imposed 
tax by October 15. Bringing in the tail end are such 
regions as Kharkiw, Izyum, Kupyansk, Stalino and 
Melitopol. 

The Moldavian SSR has collected nothing. 

(Pravda, October 21, 1929). 


A "CLASS" APPROACH TO TEACHERS 
AND STUDENTS 


There are two categories of teachers. One does 
public work through force and the other consists of 
“social enthusiasts.” 

The teachers took an active interest in the fall 
seeding. They gave 877 lectures throughout the 
region, organized 1,800 supryahs [in order to 
carry on farm work, implements and draught power 
had to be collected from all over the district and the 
various pieces of machinery and draught animals 
teamed up for the task at hand. Such а joint operation 
was called supryah and involed a lot of time [and 
effort, Ed], 60 trial cases, many agricultural fairs and 


271 


gave instructions on grain treatment. 
lecting plan to the extent that they should be. Dis- 

The schools are still not drawn into the grain col- 
tortion of the class line is evident. In the village of 
Samoyliwtsi, Blyznets district, the pupils of one school 
were asked to bring 35 pounds of grain each (to be 
included in the grain collecting plan). The teacher 
gave the order without using the class approach and 
assigned an equal amount to the children of kur- 
kuls, the middle and poor farmers. 

Small wonder that kurkuls hate teachers who 
are "social enthusiasts." In the Meshev district the 
kurkuls wrote the teacher an anonymous letter 
which read: "Better give up work that does not con- 
cern you. Stick to teaching or you will be sorry." 

(Pravda, October 27, 1929). 


CHAPTER VIL 


COMPLETE COLLECTIVIVATION AND 
ITS DOWNFALL 

Ацег de-kurkulizing the more prosperous and better 
farmeis and deporting them to concentration camps and repress- 
ing others with accelerated grain collecting plans, the Commun- 
ists terrorized the rest of them into joining collective farms. 

Although all-out collectivization of agriculture was actually 
planned by the government and the Party for a longer period, 
1929 to 1931, they nevertheless made every effort, through their 
subordinate organizations such as local actives and the 
thousanders, to step up these plans and complete collec- 
tivation as quickly as possible. These servants "did their ut- 
most" taking nothing into account. 

As we may see from the following documents the whole 
Soviet press, and especially the Communist Party organ 
Pravda, raised those collectivizing zealots on a pedestal 
"On the way to complete collectivization," was the slogan which 
glittered in every issue of Pravda. 

None of the local Party directors, except maybe an odd few, 
foresaw the inevitable end their work was leading to. The chief 
slogan was, "Collectivize as much as possible as quickly as pos- 
sible,” with which they hoped to earn themselves praise from 
above. The methods of collectivization were left up to the col- 
lectivizers themselves. Any failures and shortcomings in their 
work were quickly blamed on the kurkuls and counter-revolu- 
tionaries to whom numbers suddenly appeared among the 
faithfully carried out by the lower Party workers. Any caution 
farmers. 

Such then were the local Party directives and they were 
shown by local Communist workers were explained by the Cen- 
tral Committee of the Communist Party and the Central Com- 
mittee of the Communist Party of Ukraine as rightest oppor- 
tunism and were continuously deplored in the Party newspa- 
pers. 

And so in the first year of the collectivization fever “сот- 


273 





plete colle: zation” suffered а scandalous downfall and the 
Party was forced to take a step backwards. (See Part II, Chap- 
ter II, "Retreat in Collectivization"). 

Following are a number of documents of the first period of 
complete collectivization, beginning in the middle of 1929 and 
continuing until March, 1930. 

The first document shows the government measures for 
extensive popularization of collectivization among the farmers, 
such as declaring a holiday—"Collectivization and Harvest 
Day." 

In the next document the People's Commissariat of Agri- 
culture of Ukraine, which at that time was not yet liquidated 
as an autonomous administration unit, is ordering local groups 
not to use compulsory methods for collectivization. 


COLLECTIVIZATION DAY 


(Resolution of the Central Committee of the 
Communist Party). 

The Central Committee of the Communist Party 
acknowledges the necessity for organizing throughout 
the USSR a “Collectivization and Harvest Day." This 
would be set for October 14 and would have the char- 
acteristic of a mass production campaign. 

The main purpose of this holiday would be the 
mobilization of the poor-middle masses for the uplift- 
ing and social reconstruction of agriculture and a соп- 
tinued attack on the kurkul. 

Therefore the Central Committee deems it neces- 
sary at meetings and gatherings to discuss a summary 
of work towards increasing the yield, increasing the 
grain fields, means of collectivization, state farms and 
establishing contracting. 

Also to expound more fully the agricultural five- 
year plan and the industrialization plan by organiz- 
ing socialist contests in the villages for conducting 
agricultural lectures, increasing the grain fields, col- 
lectivization and a check on agreements for socialist 
contests where they are already taking place, and to 
mobilize expenditures for collectivization of the 
ploughing of the "collectivization hectare." 

To arrange a program for drawing more farm 


27+ 


hands and the poor and middle-class farmers into the 
co-operative and collective farm structures and for 
eliminating class line distortions from the districts of 
collectivization. То acquaint the farmers with con- 
crete examples of collectivization, excursions and ex- 
hibitions rust be held. 

Itis considered expedient for leaders and the 
whole organization in preparation for "Collectiviza- 
tion and Harvest Day" to create special commissions 
within the Supreme Soviets of the Republics of the 
Union, in the state, regional and district Executive 
Committees, with the participation of Komsomol or- 
ganizations, collective farms, Farmers’ Co-operatives 
and other public organizations. 

(Visti, September 4, 1929) 


NO COMPULSION CONNECTED WITH 
COLLECTIVIZATION 


(Directive of the People's Commissariat of Agricul- 
ture of Ukraine) 

The People’s Commissariat of Agriculture has 
received news from different places that in some re- 
gions farm communities are organizing under the 
charter of TSOZ (Organization of Social Cultivation 
of Land) and, according to the resolution of the gen- 
eral meeting of the farm community, they consider it 
the duty of those who disagree with the idea to join 
too. 

The People's Commissariat of Agriculture con- 
siders such a practice to be entirely unwarranted. In 
its letter to the Regional Agricultural Departments 
the commissariat reminds them that farm collectives. 
the TSOZ included, must be created only with the 
voluntary consent of the farmers. 

Every farm community may join the TSOZ, but 
only when individual farmers with all the adult mem- 
bers of their families give their consent. If individual 
farmers are not agreeable they must not be forced to 
join. 

The People’s Commissariat of Agriculture stresses 


276 


that individual farmers wishing to join collective farms 
while others do not, have the right to demand a di- 
vision of the farm, notwithstanding its size. 

(Visti, October 11, 1929» 


135,000 FARMS ARE SUBJECT TO 
DESTRUCTION 


Up to the present, ten regions in Ukraine--Volyn, 
Chernyhiw, Korosten, Proskuriw, Poltava and others 
—have preserved the individual farm-stead form of 
farming. In these regions there are 135,000 separate 
farmsteads (farmers and their families living on their 
own land instead of in villages as is the usual custom 
in Ukraine, Ed.) and about 975 communities made up 
exclusively of these rural farmers. 

The Commissariat of Agriculture has decided to 
take firm measures to liquidate these relics and to bring 
the question up before the government to put such 
measures into force through legal channels. 

(Pravda, October 20, 1929) 


100 PER CENT COLLECTIVIZATION— 
OCTOBER CONTRIBUTION 


The Tilohulo-Bereziw district is making a change- 
over to collective farming. The success achieved in 
the last few days has exceeded all expectations. Within 
several days 25 per cent of the farms, taking in 100 
populated points, have been collectivized. Twenty vil- 
lages have been collectivized 80 per cent. 

The pull to collective farms is so great that tech- 
nicalities cannot be put through quickly enough. One 
hundred per cent collectivization will be completed by 
the twelfth anniversary of the October Revolution. 
This will be the October contribution. 

Hundreds of applications are pouring in from 
kurkuls who are anxious to join the collective 
farms. They are giving all their property, livestock 
and machinery to the collective farms. 

But there is a firm resolution not to admit the 
kurkuls even with such generous offers. At the 


зате time, a decision has been reached to conduct a 
general purge of the old collective farms to drive out 
thekurkuls. 

(Pravda, October 27, 1929) 


35,000 PEOPLE HERDED TO THANK 
THE GOVERNMENT 


In the Novo-Ushytsya district near Kamyanets- 
Podilsky, in the so-called border region, 75 per cent 
of the farmers have been collectivized. Three days 
ago in the Novo-Ushytsya district headquarters а 
rally of the poor farmers of the district was held in 
celebration of the mass movement to collectivization. 
This rally was attended by 35.000 farmers—poor and 
middle farmers and farm-hands—from all the villages 
of the district and the neighboring regions of Prosku- 
riv and Mohyliw. 

The rally was held under the open sky with trans- 
lators and loudspeakers so that all heard the greetings 
from the Central Committec of the Communist Party 
of Ukraine, the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet, the Soviet 
of People's Commissars and others. 

The meeting lasted until the evening and ended 
with everybody happily signing the "socialist pact for 
competition among all the villages in carrying out the 
collectivization program." А resolution was passed 
stressing the need for all districts to adopt collectivi- 
zation. А delegation was elected to present a flag to 
the Central Committee of the Communist Party of 
Ukraine. 

(Pravda, November 27, 1929) 


COLLECTIVIZATION IS NEEDED 
UP IN ODESSA 


The decision of the Regional Party Committee 
to complete the collectivization of farming in the 
whole region of Odessa within the forthcoming year 
has been hailed with great enthusiasm by the workers" 
and farmers' organizations. The conference of the 
village, the Regional Party Committee and Party cen- 
ters has approved the decision as timely. The basic 


277 


reason for this is the swift, unceasing tempo of col- 
lectivization which has already taken in 40 per cent 
of the farms. 

At present, the process of complete collectiviza- 
tion is drawing to a close in the Berezov, Spartan, 
Blahoyev, Tilihulo-Berezan, Kominternov and other 
districts. Putting through collectivization in the 
whole region simplified the matter of setting up eleven 
machine-tractor stations (MTS), seven belonging to 
the state, two to the co-operatives and two to collec- 
tive farms. 

Many experienced Party workers are coming to 
the villages. Extensive preparatory work is begin- 
ning. Patronage organizations of different establish- 
ments are opening campaigns for popularizing com- 
plete collectivization. 

(Pravda, November 28, 1929). 


STEPPING UP COLLECTIVIZATION IN 
THE KIEV REGION 


The strong aspirations of the farm hands, the 
poor and middle farmers towards complete collectivi- 
zation and the appearance among them of able organ- 
izers and cultural workers are going to allow for step- 
ping up collectivization for 1929-30. Instead of 5.9 
per cent of the farms stated to be collectivized as of 
October 1, 35 per cent should be completed by the end 
of the year and 40 per cent by spring. 

In the sugar-beet districts, Kaharlyk, Berezan, 
Rzhyshchiw, Boryspol, the agreeable conditions make 
it possible to take in 50 to 60 per cent of the farms by 
spring, 1930. 

Three to four months remain until the spring seed- 
ing. The work at hand must be reconstructed and help 
given to the poor and middle farmers to become fully 
collectivized. 

(Pravda, December 31, 1929) 


COMPLETE COLLECTIVIZATION 


The Dniepropetrovsk Regional Party Committee 
has passed a resolution regarding collectivization. Ac- 


cording to plan, 53 per cent of the whole area of the 
region must be collectivized by spring and 70 per cent 
by the following fall. Complete collectivization must 
be completed by spring of 1931. Already this year 
the following districts have come in on the collectivi- 
zation program, Mezhev, Karl Marx, Verkhne-Dnie- 
provsk, Vasylkiw and Kamenka. In order to carry 
through the intended measures the Regional Party 
Committee has proclaimed the mobilization of the 
whole Party organization. Steps have been taken to 
strengthen the Party hold on the collective farrn man- 
agement. Party and Comsomol groups are being or- 
ganized in the collective farms. 

The technical base has improved greatly. Besides 
eight machine-tractor stations, which will begin to 
function next spring, some districts are organizing 
horse-tractor stations. With all these measures Dnei- 
propetrovsk, which has a population of 1.5 millions 
and as a strip of the Ukrainian steppe provides 10 
per cent of the grain of USSR, must be completely 
collectivized. 

(Pravda, January 12, 1930) 


The collectivization movement is growing. While 
earlier only odd districts had complete collectivization, 
the movement has now expanded considerably and 
embraces masses of poor and middle farmers in all 
regions of Ukraine. 

Most of the steppe regions have been collectivized 
50 to 60 per cent. The districts on the right bank of 
the Dnieper are keeping up with them. They are 
especially important for their technical education. By 
the time spring seeding rolls around Ukraine hopes to 
take 700,000 poor farmers into collectivization and 
about 150,000 farm laborers. 

Sollectivization is the key problem of all local, 
central and soviet organizations. This is proven by 
the recent conference of the Central Committee of the 
Communist Party of Ukraine which was wholly de- 
voted to collectivization. 

(Pravda, January 13, 1930) 


Y 
3 


280 


CHESTS IN COLLECTIVE FARMS TOO 


The head of the District Executive Committee, 
Korol, came to the village of Oreshka, Novohardvolyn 
district, to conduct the collectivization program. He 
set to work immediately. 

Without first acquainting himself with conditions 
in the village, or giving the villagers preliminary prep- 
aration, he simply announced that all must join the 
collective farm and added: "Those who do not will 
be deported to the Solowky Islands with the kur- 
kuls.” The farmers became frightened. 

They did not wish to be shipped away to the 
Solowky so they signed up for collectivization. Then 
they worried about what would become of them. _ 

In the Lyubarske and Starokonstantyniwka dis- 
tricts in the Vynnytsya region, everything was sub- 
ject to collectivization even to the women's hope 
chests. АН clothing, household goods and women's 
chests were taken to the collective farm general col- 
lection and then divided equally among everybody. 

This created a bad impression of the collectives 
and brought strong protests from the women. 

(Pravda, March 12, 1930) 


COLLECTIVIZATION FEVER 


The Vynnytsya Region is leading among other 
regions in the collectivization program. On March 
10th it had collectivized 110,688 poor and middle farm- 
ers—70 per cent—and socialized 850,000 acres of cul- 
tivated land—75.0 per cent. 

Nevertheless all districts are not collectivizing 
evenly. For instance: 


1. Kalyniwka District (at the forefront)—93.4 
per cent. 

2. Lypove—85.3 per cent. 

3. Lipets—81.3 per cent. 

4. Turbiw—80 per cent 

5. Sytkiw—63.4 per cent. 

6. Nemyriw—62.3 per cent. 

7. Voroniw—47.3 per cent. 


Throughout the region 70.5 per cent of livestock 
has been socialized, 92.2 per cent in the leading Kaly- 
niwka district and 39 per cent in Tyvriw, which is in 
last place. 

The number of horse-machine stations opened in 
the region is 182. On March Ist there were only 107 
of them so that in the first few days of March a 40 
per cent gain was reached. 

The number of socialized horses is 34,248. 

They have been used for setting up 11 sugar beet 
trusts which needed 900 horses. 

The districts leading in the number of horse- 
machine stations are: Zhmerynka—31, Kalyniwka— 
23, Turbiw—20. 

(Visti, March 18, 1930). 


1. DUBYNETS 


COLLECTIVES OR THE TSAR 


In the fall and winter months of 1931 a campaign for com- 
plete collectivization was in full swing in the villages of Koby- 
shche, Nosiwka district, Chernyhiw region, just as it was in 
other villages and regions of Ukraine. Continual meetings of 
farmers were called where they were told in glowing terms of 
the virtues of collective farming. The farmers were skeptical 
of propaganda promising such a paradise and preferred to con- 
tinue to farm their own tracts of land. 

But the Soviet orders were that all farmers must volun- 
tarily join collective farms. So one day a general meeting was 
called in the village school at which a representative of the 
Nosiw District Party Committee, Myrovy, was in charge. After 
a long speech on the advantages of the collective systems said 
bluntly to the tired farmers. 

“Those for the collective farms raise your hands." No hands 
were raised. АП were silent. Then he said: 

"Those against the collective farms raise your hands." 
Silence again and no hands went up. The enraged agent open- 
ed two doors leading to adjoining class rooms and announced. 

“Those for collective farms and the Soviet government and 
against the Tsar enter the room on the right. Those against the 
collective farms, against the Soviet government but for the 





281 


Tsar enter the room to the left." The farmers continued to sit 
silently. 

The agent was bursting with anger. He grabbed the first 
man before him by the sleeve and started dragging him to the 
room on the right. The farmer struggled and resisted. 

"So! You are against collective farms but for the Tsar," 
shouted the agent and pulled him into the left roorn. The farmer 
fought back. Holding fast to the door he screamed in a voice 
full of anguish and despair, "Help! Help!” 

All the same, the farmers finally made their applications to 
join the collective farms voluntarily. 


W. SLOBIDSKY 


DRIVEN INTO COLLECTIVE FARMS BY 
GPU PROVOCATIONS 


The large village of Vesela, just outside of Kharkiw, was 
one of the most progressive villages in the whole region| Before 
the Revolution it was hampered by a land shortage but during 
the Revolution it supported the Soviet government and thus 
was given the land formerly belonging to the landlord. It be- 
came prosperous, 

When collectivization started, the village, taking advan- 
tage of its good standing with the government, declined to join 
the collective farm. No coaxing or threats influenced the farm- 
ers in their stand. Then the GPU came in. 

A veterinary arrived in the village. He visited the farmers 
and talked to them of the pitfalls of the Soviet regime, asked 
them about their own life and advised them against joining the 
collective farm. The farmers warmed to his talk, and agreed 
with the ideas he expressed. And so the list of “enemies of the 
people” was compiled. 

The “veterinary” then called a meeting of those who thought 
alike. Fifty-two farmers, of the three hundred in the village, 
attended. The “veterinary” began a speech on the unfairness 
of the government, lamenting the suffering of the farmers and 
calling on them to defend themselves. The farmers needed no 
agitation, for they themselves were ready to do that and pro- 
claimed their feelings at the meeting. 

While the meeting was in progress the building was sur- 


282 


Pouojisinbex x20jseA!| pu? amu sul 
* n E *ésiaduan ton pan ^ 


Ju4)A/ Wid Vavi vd 








f'iáneYd / "nud VE SEV | 

hod NE "uta uae sonyud MNOTH BR аонвкор»чи аоидоў WE, ола 
зз Хиохвохтедэй o" wrss:0"re jut vxo" WIBUWOUSH дуна хт odu = 
D Ius wr. fie m A egona, 310] 00 MLHY l в: grao Mag xd 
= ae в oxfoghiudss of mmsaue j dagi Wloeso" Dogo Te 
»ig" 10904 4 JR Хамауе axzssl"CHo vizo exa. ~ Rago 
- yiuSiwt от огохачи Xiudodih |ивазев ^vi MM oh &püruám 

08 t" атиечномовоов Bt м udoge ‘ха шәә ийм 
"вза Узана Foggia er: "итоб 7 x n Loy ren 

2. x LAVALLE CZ en. 

-E AmonxHgodua биос‘ а ES mM 31 bt А, gabe хиһин9 


ute. pest 
wi YeCsveo вте: trafko tm aL vNSyused COLONY 
hehüc ccce AC por 
T i9 Li и 9! q; SCL HY. "el 
сева, JERN wi tadiveo EX god jn £e iso pet [UL 


ww о HHHUhWIOOM ÁRODMEA 
бурой « чазёно vaurxed wu ns € £n 1 [ere OMIIMOM om ÁOh 
i е0 OV udi *xgovkx кой PERPA ‘et d : 
pm нох jowduo є имирионостатй JEJE HHGN ` 44 . 
-Pédoweod aunidoleiwex очбгз Чо в BM May Msg / 4 
co NS 2 SERIF 
D AT ve. j- х d: 
then ЕЯ à Ue ж. sane! 
— à edus va 9909887 UJU 9 iei iem t 
i PESCE da 











rounded by a GPU contingent. The farmers were all arzesied 
and exiled to the Urals. 

After several years had passed I met one of the unzortunaie 
participants in that fatal meeting. He was crippled, his hands 
and feet had been frozen. He did not know what had become 
of his colleagues but he had once met the "veterinary" who was 
moving about in freedom. 

After that fateful meeting the other farmers joined the col- 
lective farm “voluntarily.” 


W. SLOBIDSKY 


FORCED TO JOIN COLLECTIVE FARM 
BY POISONING 


In the large village of Lypkiwka, near Kharkiw, the Party 
organization assigned to the Communist Hurenko, the respon- 
sibility for organizing the collective farm by any means he saw 
fit, because if he failed he would be deprived of his Party mem- 
bership. A Party card was, to anyone like Hurenko, equivalent 
to the so-called “Bread Card” because it meant a chance of a 
good, paying job. 

And try all means and methods he did; at first mild, per- 
suasive ones. The kurkuls had all been taken care of by 
that time and only the poor farmers were left, with nothing 
much to lose in worldly possessions. But they refused Hurenko's 
advice and did not join. 

So he invented another scheme. He called the farmers to a 
meeting in a house and lit a fire in the stove. Before it started 
to burn well he closed all the dampers and posted guards at the 
door so no one could get out. 

The imprisoned farmers were nearly all asphyxiated by the 
thick smoke. In semi-consciousness he led them out one at a 
time, giving them a chance to join the collective farm "volun- 
tarily", otherwise he promised to return them to the smoke- 
filled house. 

As was expected, they all gave their signatures to join 
"voluntarily." 

That is how in the village of Lypkiwka the collective farm 
"Hammer and Sickle" was orgsnized and Hurenko received 
praise from the Party Committee. 


284 


M. KULISH 


THOSE AGAINST COLLECTIVIZATION ARE 
ENEMIES OF THE GOVERNMENT 


At the beginning of August, 1929, a District Party гергс- 
sentative, Comrade Syerov, came to the village of Vyazivok, 
Pavlohrad district, Dniepropetrovsk region. He was in charge 
of grain collecting, taking away all the farmers had, and called 
upon them to join the collective farm. But the farmers refused. 

In November the village was divided into four divisions and 
pressure was exerted on each one separately. Later, a general 
meeting was called and the representative-propagandist de- 
clared: "According to the resolution of the Central Committee 
of the Communist Party it is the duty of every farmer to join 
the collective farm. Whoever refuses to join is an enemy of 
the government." 

Notwithstanding the alternative threatened, and the pres- 
sure and terror preceding, in all four divisions only four staunch 
Communist farmers, ten poor farmers and fourteen laborers, 
out of the 2,000 present at the meeting, voted in favor of the 
collective farm. 

“Who is in favor of joining the collective farm?" asked the 
chairman of the meeting and only twenty-eight voted. 

“Who is opposed?" No one voted. 

Then the directors of the meeting flatly stated that all those 
present were on the list as having attended the meeting and the 
list was now accepted for the collective farm. If anyone did not 
wish to join he would have to make a special application to have 
his name withdrawn. 


1. LISOVSKY 


FORCED INTO COLLECTIVE FARM 
BY EXECUTIONS 


Znameniwka, in the Novo-Moscovsk district, Dnieprope- 
trovsk region, was a fairly large village with about 2,000 farm- 
ers. My story is about one street in this village, the T. Shevchen- 
ko Street on which we lived. 

There were 65 homes in this street. After the harvest of 
1929 collectivization and de-kurkulization began, in 
charge of a Russian, Bolotov, and his group of activists. In 


286 


2 аам 


И 
aani! 





EF EX 


m dome ТВЕРДИХ "M 


1/1-1933 раку х= 


алых жилых азана реален ree 


Jisses та ба?а. - 


t manim Ва. 


massat Дар ҝктеуаот.. 
прата: в дөяткерт 


o——ÉA D A IRO RK E 
arin 1 


демен: 
зіма, И 
ISCO Ноти: ons saat i 








$, 
5 
6.9 








1 Posrpenasuxd, ` V 
i ped ааа: V 

з 

1 Boss 2 
Pec ey 

рота ола 





Postpone rh woman RS | 
г 


ta 
wr y 2) SE ровасужа» 














[932 ye. 
В AD Tee eid 
L^ 
: RIPI REA » тоз p ! 
ti ‘ ел 
1. B ossi sonats 44 
Ы il 
i H 
4 4 
9 \ 
Я 
ен 
od 





RE 


4 EE Fes com 


A list of the dekurkulized 


287 


the first days of this campaign seven farmers on our street were 
de-kurkulized. 

But in spite of all the means used to force the farmers into 
the collective farm they remained adamant. Then а new method 
was devised. 

The GPU arrived in the village. Six farmers on our street 
were arrested and sentenced to different prison terms. Three 
were sentenced to be shot. They were the village veterinary, 
Anton Malyshka, the church-choir leader, Khoma Lopata, who 
wasde-kurkulized earlier, and Trokhym Myrshavia, a poor 
farmer but a Ukrainian patriot. 

After this terrorism the rest of the villagers all signed up. 


PART 


II 


289 


CHAPTER I. 


RETREAT AND COLLAPSE OF COLLECTIVIZATION 


Having begun the collectivization battle against the farm- 
ers, in the second half of 1929, the Central Committee of the 
All-Union Communist Party, headed by Stalin, led its Com- 
munist forces to utter defeat. The whole Soviet press and pro- 
paganda machine had been mobilized for this war. Pravda, of 
course, was the most authoritative from which other newspa- 
pers took their cue, and so did the special brigades who travelled 
all over the country supervising and goading on those in charge 
and battering the farmers with abuse. 

The first six months of this war in Ukraine were conducted 
at a violent pace, striving for 100 per cent collectivization. 

The Communists soon outdid themselves. In six months 
they uprooted the whole farming industry. They d e-k u r k u l- 
izedthe better farmers, deported them to concentration camps 
and drove the others into collective farms by savage, inhuman 
methods, evoking hatred and resentment for the regime. They 
destroyed livestock and broke machinery. They were made to 
care for the grain robbed from the farmers. In many places 
armed battles flared up. Uprisings, assassinations of government 
representatives and activists, arson and sabotage in collec- 
tive farms became prevalent. This period of unrest could easily 
have resulted in open revolt. 

It was really a tragic state of affairs, much like a raid on 
enemy territory where the raiders rob and plunder all they can 
in as short a time as possible, not knowing what to do with the 
spoils. 

Even among the local Communists, who had been forced 
into the position of organizers in the attack on the farmers, a 
passive resistance appeared, which later turned into active re- 
sistance, for they saw the stupidity of their own actions. All this 
served as a trump-card in the hands of the rightist opposition, 
the Bukharin-Rykov group, within the Party who had forecast 
the downfall of the agricultural industry and had many sympa- 
thizers in the Party. 


291 


In addition, the Soviet government also began at this time, 
in connection with collectivization, its persecution of religious 
worship. This brought an unfavorable response from the out- 
side world and caused a closer watch to be kept on other events 
in the USSR from abroad. The Central Committee was then 
alarmed into a retreat which was, as in any war, a maneuver to 
reorganize its forces and renew the attack. 

The actual Soviet documents illustrate these events more 
eloquently. 


WHY RETREAT IN COLLECTIVIZATION 
WAS NECESSARY 


It is now evident that the principle of building collectiviza- 
tion on a voluntary basis has been abandoned. In district after 
district, the voluntary principle has been replaced by coercion 
through threats of de-kurkulization, disfranchisement 
and other repressive methods. 

In scores of districts, instead of preliminary preparation and 
patient interpretation of the Party line in the collectivization 
program, bureaucratic and functionary decrees of over-inflated 
figures in the data of the allegedly organized collective farms 
have been parameunt. 

The kurkuls and their shadows capitalized on this distor- 
tion and, seeking to provoke, proposed, instead of agricultural 
artels, the creation of collectives and the socialization of dwell- 
ings, sheep, goats, swine and fowl. At the same time they in- 
stigated the farmers to slaughter their livestock before joining 
the collective farms explaining that “in any case everything will 
be taken away.” The class enemy counted on the distortions 
and errors of the local organizations to provoke the indignation 
and wrath of the farmers towards the Soviet government and 
thus lead to revolts. 

Consequently, in view of the blunders of the Party organ- 
izations and obvious provocation by the class enemy, threaten- 
ing signs of serious dissatisfaction on the part of the farmers 
appeared in many districts against the background of unques- 
tionable success in collectivization. In some places the kur- 
kuls and their agents even managed to talk the farmers into 
anti-Soviet action. 

Following a decision of the Central Committee, Stalin's 
article “Dizzy With Success" was published, and has served to 


292 


appease the farm masses. On March 15 the Central Committee 
resolution concerning the struggle with the distortion of the 
Party line in the collective farm movement was published. 
(History of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, (in 
Russian, 1945, yy. 294-295.) 


DIZZY WITH SUCCESS IN 
COLLECTIVIZATION 


(Excerpts from Stalin's article, published in PRAV- 
DA, March 2, 1930). 

It is a fact that by February 20 we had collectivi- 
zed 50 per cent of the farms in the USSR. This 
means that by February 20, 1930, we had doubled our 
Five-Year Plan in collectivization. The fundamental 
change of the farm to socialism may be considered 
assured. 

But success also has its dark side, especially 
when it is achieved comparatively “easily,” in the form 
of a surprise, so to speak. 

The success of our collective farm policy may 
be explained by the fact that it is based on the 
voluntary principle of the collective farm movement 
and on the attention paid to different conditions in 
different districts of the USSR. The collective farms 
must not be filled by force. The collective movement 
must be based on the active support of the majority 
of the farm masses. 

But, instead, what is really taking place? Can we 
say that the voluntary principle and the deference paid 
to local peculiarities have not been violated in many 
districts? No, unfortunately we cannot. What use 
are they, these bureaucratic decrees regarding the 
collective farm movement, these unworthy threats to 
the farmers? They are of no use except to our 
enemies. 

The artel appears to be the fundamental link in 
the collective farm movement because it is the most 
expedient method of solving the grain problem, which 
is the basis of the whole system of agriculture. 
Attempts are being made to come out of the artel 
confines and plunge right into the farm collective. 


293 





What good is this foolish hastines, so detrimental 
to the cause? To antagonize the collective farmer 
with "socialization" of dwellings, cows, sheep, goats, 
swine and fowl when the grain problem has not yet 
been solved and the artel system is not yet con- 
SOME is a "policy" useful to our mortal enemies 
only. 


THE CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF THE ALL- 
UNION COMMUNIST PARTY IS FORCED TO 
CONFESS 


(From a resolution oí the Central Committee of the 
All-Union Communist Party, March 15, 1930). 

To all Central Committees of the National Re- 
publics and the Regional, District and Party Commi- 
trees. 

There is positive evidence of distortion of the 
Party line. The principle of votuntariness is being 
violated and replaced by coercive measures, such as 
threats of de-kurkulization and disfranchise- 
ment. 

As a result some middle and even poor farmers 
fall into the ranks of the de-kurkulized and in 
some districts, indeed their number reaches 15 per 
cent, and that of the disfranchised 15 and 20 per cent 
of the total population, 

There are cases of an extremely uncouth and 
criminally offensive attitude on the part of sub- 
ordinate Party workers towards the population. 
People are often victimized by counter-revolutionaries, 
who have wormed their way into the Party, through 
robbery, division of property and arrests of the 
middle, and even poor, farmers. Bureaucratic di- 
rectives are applied to swell the percentage figures of 
collectivization. 

Hand in hand with such distortions is the un- 
reasonable, and quite useless, compulsory socializa- 
tion of dwellings, sheep, goats, swine, fowl and sows in 
many districts and the stupid switch from the artel 
to the collective farm system. 

As a result of these senseless distortions the 


collectivization movement has been discredited т 
many districts and the farmers are hastily withdrawing 
from the quickly-formed, uncertain artels and 
collectives. 

The Central Committee also considers it im- 
portant to note the un-called for distortions of the 
Party line in the exchange of commodities between 
villages and towns. The prohibition of markets is 
resulting in a shortage of consumer goods in the 
towns. 

The Central Committee of the All-Union Commu- 
nist Party resolves: 

1. To stop compulsory methods of collectivization. 

2. To consolidate the success so far achieved in 
collectivization. 

3. To stop the compulsory socialization of dwellings, 
sheep, goats, swine, fowl and cows. 

4. To conduct an inquiry into the methods of de- 
kurkulization and disfranchisement. 

5. To abide by the rule of excluding from kurkul 
category those families which have government re- 
presentatives among them, such as Red partisians, 
men in the Red Army and the Red Navy (privates 
and commanding officers), rural school teachers, on 
condition that such representatives vouch for them. 

6. To re-open the market places and make it illegal 
to close them in the future. 

(Pravda, March 15, 1930). 

The following documents are excerpts from the Soviet 
press, which had earlier supported collectivization, revealing 
the monstrous methods and form of collectivization and its 
aftermath. At the same time they show how the failure of 
the collective farms came about. 


THE AFFAIR IN HAYSYN 


In different villages of the Haysyn district un- 
warranted interference by the administration had 
occurred in the struggle with religious superstitions. 
Church bells were taken down without the consent of 
the majority of the population and churches were 
closed without express permission from headquarters. 


205 


People were forced against their will to join 
collective farms under threat of over-taxation, con- 
fiscation of livestock, machinery and seed grain. 

Seed grain was obtained by raiding the poor and 
middle farmers. The raids were usually carried out in 
the middle of the night, provoking the animosity of 
the people towards government теазигез. 

Such incident undoubtedly cause a lack of under- 
standing of the true meaning of collectivization, 
because collectivization built on coercion is a per- 
version of the truth. 

All this merely aids our enemies, the kurkuls. 
They have begun to perk up their heads and spread 
counter-revolutionary tales, instigating the poor and 
middle farmers against the Soviet government 
measures. 

In connection with this, twenty-one people have 
been indicted and will soon be brought to trial before 
the Regional visiting assizes in Haysyn. Included in 
the list are: 

Head of the District Executive Committee — 
Dobrynsky. 

Secretary of the District Party Committee — Pa- 
lamarchuk. 

Vice-President of the District Executive Commi- 
ttee — Kwyatowsky. 

Komsomol Secretary — Shahyn. 

Inspector of Public Schools — Mahita. 

(Visti, March 30, 1930). 


RIGHTING SOME WRONGS 


Outrageous distortions in collectivization have 
come to light in the village of Syrovo, Vradiyewka 
district. The Party and Komsomol centers, the 
Committee of Poor Farmers, the authorized collecti- 
vization representatives and the grain collecting 
agents had decided to complete, at all cost, the collec- 
tivization of the whole village. For this purpose they 
set и pseveral offices in different parts of the village. 

They began their task by calling those who had 
refused to join the collective farm into one of the 









i 5196. $ Berak 1 ха nay. 7 


a X ANY Sir vun ауз акб оло mnis 
ин evodimox «уто XpEAaU 09 AnoRH OX 94 Let ў 


опо waeswoüu жийзи-9у(0 9 foanodoo Ё бүй maraon en 
4mHeeüx 102000 oe вии: asocdy "inso $039 0 
ен Onn" вра 91690 ав коча ойнотор оћеноо nee kendo wi 
тараојәс-охәуц OD THUGS KMHSMONRC Ob "Gi Ип йс Oxed › 


та _ “боткх Озонехтозоаве логотяз ё 
moxiforiewfavAds usau зе мау жа spo ÁxsOIRC G, 


5 ЕЯ eaddoax X« "hono yos wy ашуун 
goxrsdou Фо ие a занату корня, ЛЕРИ 
т бтен ООН pmi b oneiggdon qa Hour. BR YoU len OUT 
Her Тодт а fmawe | w "Unmoluew inerBolcae зар 'W a 
: ^gigweoe rau dd 


ve mises wusciarysou телер пынан an (етс Vento Dorm 9 dH 
iain O80 туча 09е E Jeooa a а iaado of она on 2" £ 


< Si Énré2ex quopramovTsonwpr Сичгоноовон iua, vju ‘now osta vat Ct 












Tad 5 








They were then ordered to the next 





Misc. f > та im ora» 

Md OT CLA ODE DTE Pag Snognouns tog MM Sio 
я = repíoigg oy вито игоытая фитрасцзе WAST ta: : 
ана a отиване shu яр peokoraivesn ay Eta D коло ди 


les 


When Nazarenko, a poor farmer, had gone only 











offices to give an explanation. Those who still per- 
sisted in refusing to sign were sent to another office, 
“Requisitioning of potatoes, poultry and hay 


office and so on until they had gone through them all. 


usually at night. 


ot 
i m Ga DIR AUR eos 2 eon ee 


297 


part of the round he was asked to go some distance 
outside the village and fetch the dirt for sodding the 
office grounds. 

Three other people, when they refused to be 
talked into signing, were given a note to deliver to 
the adjoining village, Kumar, about ten miles away 
and told to return before morning. 

The secretary of the District Party Committee, 
Kutsenko, forced the villagers to feed all the office 
staff. 

This treatment gave the kurkuls the weapons 
they needed and consequently 600 people, out of a 
total of 900 collective farm members, withdrew in a 
single day (after publication of Stalin's article "Dizzy 
With Success" — Ed.) and the collective farm 
collapsed. 

(Pravda, March 13, 1930). 


ATTEMPTS TO REPAIR THE DAMAGE 


In the village of Bobryky, Nizhenka district, a 
group of ignorant collective farmers, influenced by the 
kurkuls, gave notice of their intention to withdraw 
from the collective farm. The Chief of the District 
Land Departmnet, Shlyakhovy, could find no other 
solution than to arrest the farmers, and he ordered the 
militia to do so. The assistant prosecutor, Makaglov, 
who was on an assignment in the village, arrested the 
group of poor and middle farmers and quickly put 
a resolution through the village Soviet to have them 
deported. 

The Nizhenka Regional Party Committee Bureau 
has declared that in the Bobryky District the Party 
line is particularly distorted. According to the Bureau 
resolution, the secretary of the District Party 
Committee and several other people have been 
dismissed from their posts. 

The Hlukhiwka Regional Party Committee Bureau 
has declared that a number of distortions exist in the 
Novo-Siveriwka district. In accordance with the 
Bureau resolution the chief of the District Party 
Committee, Barabash, has been dismissed and the 


District Party Committee representative has been re- 
called from the district. 
(Pravda, March 23, 1930). 


The Luhansk Regional Party Committee Bureau 
declared, after a lecture on collectivization, that, not- 
withstanding the precise directives of the Regional 
Party Committee, in certain places and in the Krasno- 
luk District especially and to a degree in the Sla- 
vyansk and other districts, grave blunders were per- 
mitted as well as distortions of the class line, which 
are apparent in the raids, the confiscation of seed grain 
and the socialization of cattle. 

(Pravda, March 15, 1930). 


In the village of Petriwka the farmers were asked 
for immediate and complete socialization of all their 
property, including swine, sheep and chickens. This 
Caused great resentment among the poor and middle 
farmers. The kurkuls have taken advantage of 
these blunders and now agitate against all our 
measures. All anti-Soviet forces have united against 
collectivization. The kurkuls have launched their 
campaign just before seeding time, inciting the poor 
farmers into withdrawing from collective farms taking 
out their seed grain, horses and machinery. 

(Pravda, March 25, 1930. 


Crass administration in the Petriwka district, 
Dniepropetrovsk region, has resulted in paper-made 
collective farms. They had to be dissolved. Con- 
sequently, the head of the District Executive Commi- 
ttee, Yakimets, was relieved of his post and so were 
the head of the District Land Department, the head of 
the Committee of the Committee of Poor Farmers, 
the head of the village Soviet and the secretary of the 
Party center. The Bureau of the Regional Committee 
of Komsomols is to be dissolved. 

(Pravda, March 23, 1930. 


In the village of Maksymo-Novo-Hrushiwka, 
Shakhtynka region, a unique event occurred on March 
20. On this day, which was set for seeding operations 
to begin, 36 collective farmers handed in their notices 


299 


of withdrawal from the collective farm. The head of 
the village Soviet, instead of explaining the true 
reasons for this mass withdrawl, arrested these peo- 
ple. 

(Pravda, March 26, 1930), 


Instances of relentless administration were evident 
in the Haysyn district. The poor and middle farmers 
were forced to join the collective farm by over-taxa- 
tion, confiscation of their livestock, machinery and 
seed. Collection of seed grain was conducted in the 
form of night raids on the poor and middle farmers. 
Figures for the organized collective farms were in- 
flated. 

The visiting assizes of the Tulchyn Regional 
Court has given the secretary of the District Party 
Committee, Palamarchuk, and the head of the District 
Executive Committee, Dobzhynsky, a public repri- 
mand, and has suspended them both from public office 
for three years. Others suspended from their po- 
sitions were: the vice-president of the District Exe- 
cutive Committee, Kvytkovsky, for one and a half 
years, the schoolteacher, Heres, for two years and the 
agriculturalist, Reznik, for five years. 

(Pravda, April 11, 1930). 


In the Kamenka district, Sheychenko region, 
collectivization was barely 40 to 50 per cent completed, 
in the Medvedivka region 10 per cent, in Cherkassy 
and Chyhyryny still less, and yet on paper the record 
shows 60 to 90 per cent. Where are the missing 
figures in the rate of collectivization? 

The kurkuls have begun widespread agita- 
tion in those places where the foundation is not yet 
knocked from under them, and for the time being have 
triumphed. 

In great numbers they terrorized the collectivi- 
zation activists and carried away írom the 
collective farms whatever livestock and machinery 
had thus far been collected, knocking the uncompleted 
structure down. In Medvediwka, a week and a half 
ago, the kurkuls set fire, to the horse barn and the 
hay-loft. Fourteen horses and all the hay hurned. 





E "a 
ааай i sli dig 
f^ m ehe Halles geras ye vari um anse 
> Sm. LL "ae renen! ie b ro 
soe. Ad по Mi a eain ео Ex 
A paan orasan: 
у d osten yen бобер pue 
еек А ple. aration сабат, n 
‘te i y 5 Колея 
MES ежи,  Beesreseropn ra uid ntn, Torona быта 
Оаа р es Иная, i gel mast 
дамой plis. дА 
Пааа a е у finer died meb- 
y |. farar, T ione еее ан т 
Us бия aee Ars, варат боца eA spl ant cen 
eine БРО Кане tt hanan tty War, " 
sy jns агада fti meda золата RN 3 
E rine и. трба байтта, «бевахо, 
их abb, ae Sajédrevess цикауфиия pany: эввхалчі ~ 
eins eld seti Fina norananaeye? Ireyants 


vau Neb. 7 ie ; 
LM: 3 
v 3 p EV. 























d po oN А 


Call to arms against the kurkuls 


301 


302 


Following this incident 150 men gave notice of with- 
drawal from the collective farm. 

In a similar fire in Ivkiwka all the forage was 
burned. The same happened in Hrushkiwka, Verbow- 
ka and Yanech. In Komariwka the collective farm 
guards were beaten up and all the machinery was 
taken away. In the village of Chernyawka all the 
village activists were held helpless in a school- 
room while the farm machinery was taken away. 

Again we are partitioning the land into individual 
farmsteads {ог those who do not wish to farm 
collectively, and then once more we will socialize and 
rebuild until the kurkul resistance has been broken 
once and for all. 

(By: Hrebenyuk. Pravda, April 17, 1930). 


In the village of Verowka, Enakiev district, in 
the Donets basin a collectivization superintendent, 
Kyrychenko, flatly stated that the farmers had two 
alternatives. One was to work in a mine and give 
all their property to the collective farm, and the other 
to join the collective farm bringing their farms and 
equipment with them. The third course led to Siberia 
and Kamchatka. This was for those who refused to 
turn their property over to the collective farm and 
who consequently would be so oppressed with heavy 
taxes that they would be driven off their land. 

After these preliminary statements, they plunged 
into compulsory socialization. First, the horses were 
taken from the collective and individual farmers, then 
the farm implements such as plows, seed drills, 
harrows, and finally the grain was swept from the 
sheds, leaving not even a single bushel for the farmers" 
family needs. 

They took the horses from those farmers who 
were away at work in the mines, ignoring the pleas 
and tears of the women. Not even a signed state- 
ment was given to that effect. One worker, Teren- 
tiy Lazarenko, who had worked in the mines for 
twenty-five years and was the sole breadwinner for 
his family of seven, was deprived of his one horse 
and the farm machinery he possessed. The horse was 


appraised at 7 rubles, and later sold for 60 rubles. 
When Lazarenko asked for the return of his posse- 
ssions he was threatened with Kamchatka. 

(By а worker, Nelepa, Pravda, April 19, 1930). 


The Regional Administration of Tulchyn was 
absorbed in bureaucratic management. By intimida- 
tion and coercion these super-collectivizers wrought 
the inevitable results. The collective farms grew on 
paper only. Distortions assumed mass proportions. 
The work of the poor and middle farmers was not 
all taken into account. 

The local organizations abused the poor farmers 
and twisted the Party line with regard to the middle 
farmers. Ruthlessly and conveniently the class line 
was distorted in the co-operatives. Those who did 
not subscribe full shares were not sold any merchand- 
ise. The poor farmers went without salt, matches and 
kerosene for their lamps. 

In many districts of the Tulchyn region the 
middle farmers were especially illtreated. Where. 
during 1928-29 their taxes had been 5 rubles, in 1929- 
30 they were raised to 135 rubles. The farmers were 
placed in a position where they could neither buy nor 
sell This caused a mass withdrawal of the farmers 
from the collective farm. The Tulchyn officials did 
not understand the resolution of the Central Commi- 
ttee of the All-Union Communist Party, taking it to 
be a digression from the general line. 

The Tulchyn region is being re-staffed with new 
officials who are capable of carrying on the work in 
Communist style. 

(W. Kuzmenko, Pravda, April 26, 1930). 





DISTORTERS OF THE "PARTY LINE" 


In the Zinoviev District Executive Committee, 
Bocharov, Owcharenko and Riryukov maliciously 
distorted the Party directives. 

These men slily wormed their way into the Party 
and, sent to the villages to conduct important 
campaigns such as the preparation for spring seeding 


303 


and collecting seed grain, they began their work in a 
very high-handed manner. 

Bocharov opened five offices in the village and 
started to collect the seed. With the poor and middle 
farmers who had no seed grain Botharov dealt 
energetically. He locked them in cold sheds without 
their outer garments for several hours at a time. He 
perfected this method as he proceeded. After kecping 
the farmers in one shed he sent them to the next 
office, to be placed in another cold shed for similar 
treatment, from there to the next and so on. 

Naturally, such an extreme distortion of the 
Party and the Soviet government line only served to 
discredit the government, and evoked bitter resent- 
ment from the farmers. 

The malicious and bull-headed distorters of the 
Party line and government directives wound up in the 
ranks of the convicted. 

The Zinoviev Regional Court sentenced Bocharov 
to seven years imprisonment and Owcharenko and Bi- 
ryukov to five years each. 

(Visti, April 29, 1930). 


Below are several documents, the evidence of living 
witnesses, on the same subject. 

As Yawz, the agriculturalist, points out women 
played a major role in the demolition of the collective farms. 
The men at that time had been extremely terrorized and cowed. 
They had been dragged by the activists and different 
government representatives so many times to offices of the 
village Soviet and collective farm headquarters and interrogated 
about collectivization, grain collecting and other farming 
campaigns. It was usually the men who were arrested and 
deported. Thus they had become more or less subdued and 
resigned to their fate, so the women took over the fight. 

They became active participants in public affairs — mostly 
anti-Soviet participants. During the period of the removal of 
church bells it was the women in all the villages who rallied to 
the defence. During the compulsory enrollment of the 
farmers into collective farms, the women created an uproarious 
resistance and the men were forced to recognize their efforts. 


304 


So it was the women who were the fiercest enemies of collectivi- 
zation. 

When news of Stalin's article, stating that collective farms 
must be built on a voluntary basis and пос on coercion, became 
known, the women all rushed to take them apart. The de- 
molition of the coliective farms must be considered the greatest 
political movement of the women in the USSR. 


S. YAWZ (an agriculturalist) 


"DIZZY WITH SUCCESS" AND THE DEMOLITION 
OF THE COLLECTIVE FARMS 


When collectivization began in the fall of 1929, many local 
Communists and activists were so captivated by the new 
venture that they wholeheartedly threw themselves into the 
task. In frantic excitement they drove the people into collective 
farms with excessive cruelty. They took away all their 
livestock and fowl. The farmers began a mass slaughter of their 
domestic animals rather than give them away for nothing. Here 
the Soviet government committed serious blunders, with its bru- 
tality toward the farmers, which later boomeranged. 

Then Stalin wrote the article “Dizzy With Success,” shoving 
the whole blame on local Communists and pretending that the 
government knew nothing of what went on at the bottom. 
When he declared, in his article, that collectivization was wholly 
voluntary the farmers, particularly the women, were quick to 
capitalize on the statement. The men, fearing repression and 
arrest, were more careful in their actions but the women were 
keenly energetic. 

Simultaneously, the women in all the villages organized and 
made a grand raid on the collective farms taking away their 
livestock, machinery and grain. Once the action got under way 
it spread like wildfire so that not a single village remained where 
the hastily-formed collective farm was left intact. 

The local government organs, the militia and even the 
NKVD itself, were helpless in the face of this powerful 
onslaught. In places where attempts were made to defend the 
collective farms the women fought with weapons as well as 
with Stalin's words. 


305 


THE UPRISING OF THE COLLECTIVE FARM WOMEN 


In the spring of 1930 the women's movement of rebellion 
had spread as if by contagion to all the villages of Ukraine. 

From the Nemyriwka district it leaped to the Braglav 
district in the Podilya region. In their zeal to take the 
collective farms apart the women often resorted to violence, 
sometimes wounding aggressive Communist agents. When I 
was visiting a village in the Bratslav districk I had occasion to 
witness one such incident. During a farmers’ meeting the 
women surrounded the Communist emissary, threw him to the 
floor and beat him until he was taken to the hospital unconscious. 
Throughout the whole attack the men merely stood and stared, 
dumbfounded. 

However, this spontaneous movement of the women was 
soon checked by the NKVD. Tens of thousands of the women 
were imprisoned or exiled. I saw them driven like cattle through 
the mud by the NKVD to the nearest prison. It is a spectacle 
that I shall never forget. 

Ihave sometimes wondered if their corpses were not among 
those which I saw unearthed from the mass graves in Vynnytsia. 


M. BOHUSLAVSKY 
WHAT OCCURRED IN THE VILLAGE OF ZELENKA 


In the village of Zelenka, Myroniw district, Kiev region, 
there were 1,189 farmers. During the period of de-kur- 
kulization and collectivezation 365 farmers, or 30 per cent, 
were liquidated. Twenty-one farmers were arrested by the 
GPU, 181 with their families were shipped to the far North, and 
140 were evicted {тот their homes. The rest were driven into 
collective farms by coercion and terror. 

When Stalin's famous article appeared in the press, in which 
he tried to whitewash his own guilt by placing it on his sub- 
ordinates, the farmers, all in one day, took their socialized 
possessions and left the collective farm. Only about 10 per 
cent still remained. The Soviet government reacted to this 
event by new repressive measures, forcing the people back to the 
collectives again. 

Twenty men were then arrested in the village for allegedly 


306 


belonging to the Organization for the Liberation of Ukraine. 
Most of them were poor farmers and their subsequent fate was 
unknown. Others subject to arrest had fled from the village. 

Herewith we present a document concerning the dis- 
franchisement of farmers. The document does not always state 
the total population, so that it is impossible to know the exact 
percentage of those deprived of their franchise. The teem 
"earlier" means prior to the 1928-29 period when 5 to 7 per cent 
of the farmers were already disfranchised. According to the 
evidence altogether 15 to 20 per cent of the farmers were dis- 
franchised, including the poorest farmers. 


DISTORTION OF THE FRANCHISE 


In the Dniepropetrovsk region an extensive inquiry is 
being conducted into the list of those deprived of the right to 
vote. Even the preliminary steps in this direction have revealed 
many cases of violation of the class line. 

In Krasnopol 38 people had been disfranchised earlier and 
now the number stands at 168; in Voskresenets 33 earlier, 77 at 
present; in Pidhorod 98 earlier, 312 at present; in Slavyansk 157 
earlier, now 459. 

In a great number of cases the lists inciuded names of poor 
and middle farmers. In the Novo-Kaydak village Soviet a poor 
farmer was disfranchised for alleged speculation. In Pidhorod a 
poor widow with many children was disfranchised for selling 
sunflower seeds. 

Many District Executive Committees knew of what was 
going on, but took no steps to correct it. 

In many districts disfranchisement also included severe 
restrictions for the poor and middle farmers, such as expulsion 
of their children from schools, refusal of medical aid and refusal 
of all documents. 

The Regional Party Committee is now taking steps to 
amend these errors, renewing the franchise of many poor and 
middle farmers in the process. 


CHAPTER П. 


REORGANIZING THE FORCES 


After the Communist government had destroyed the 
economic base of agriculture, bringing about the downfall of 
complete collectivization while still in its initial stages and Stalin 
had announced his retreat tactics, giving rise to the demolition 
of the collective farms in all of Ukraine, the Communists then 
declared a re-grouping of their forces. This reorganization was 
meant to strengthen the foothold gained thus far, to bring up 
the rear and the reserves for a new, more successful attack upon 
the farmers, for complete collectivization was the only means by 
which the Communists could hold a complete monopoly over 
agricultural products. 

The re-grouping of Communist forces began by placing all 
blame on subordinate workers of the Central Committee of the 
All-Union Communist Party, for the Central Committee itself 
had to remain infallible. The subordinate representatives of the 
government were forced to correct their distortions of the Party 
line, and on rare occasions were indicted and prosecuted. But 
these trials and prosecutions assumed a jocular, farcical aspect 
and were viewed with scorn by the people. Sometimes, for 
appearance’ sake, the offenders were sentenced to two or three 
years in concentration camps. 

There “distortions” had de-kurkulized and exiled to 
concentration camps in the North, tens of thousands of innocent 
farmers. Yet not the slightest attempt was made to return any 
of them to their homes, or return their confiscated property. 
All these efforts were credited to the success of collectivization, 
the foothold, which the Party was making such an effort to 
strengthen. 

The re-grouping of forces simply meant changing the 
Central Committee representatives from one district to another. 
This and the few articles and promises from Stalin were supposed 
to appease the farmers. The promises were broken the very 
next day, the attack to smash the kurkuls was intensified 
a hundredfold, 


309 


What type of re-grouping of forces took place in the farmers" 
camp which had hitherto fought against collective slavery, for 
the anti-Communist forces were also re-grouped? The farmers 
were still classified, but not as they were during the first period 
of collectivization, when material riches signified the kurkul 
category. All the richer and more skillful farmers had long 
since been de-kurkulized, but the kurkul opposition 
to collectivization did not in the least diminish, and the class 
struggle became even more acute. Who, then, were the new 
kurkuls? 

The kurkul label was now attached by the Communists 
t oall those who refused to be persuaded to join the coliective 
farms, and therefore constituted an opposition. If they were 
finally drawn in by unavoidable circumstances they became 
passively resistant. 

Now the kurkul included the middle and poor farmers 
and at times even former activtsts Communists and Komso- 
mols who defended the farmers. For that reason the popular 
terms now employed were "under-kurkuls," "kurkul 
fellow travellers,” "kurkul saboteurs,” and finally “enemies 
of the people." 

The government cry against the kurkuls in the 
collective farms, rather than outside them, constantly deploring 
the"kurkul saboteurs" and making this group the scape-goat 
for all their blundering mismanagement and disorder. 


RE-GROUPING AND ATTACK RATHER THAN 
RETREAT 


(Excerpts from Stalin's reply to the cornrade collective farmers.) 

Is not this struggle with the distortion of the 
Party line a step backwards, a retreat? Of course not! 

What we want is that those who permitted blund- 
ers and distortions should retreat from their mistakes. 
Only on these conditions shall we be able to continue 
with the real (underlined by the author) attack upon 
our class enemies. 

How is a successful attack in war possible? When 
people do not limit themselves to a general push 
ahead, but also endeavor to secure the footholds al- 
ready won, to re-group their forces to suit the 


310 


changing surroundings, pull up the rear and 
bring in the reserves. 

The same may be said about the rules of attack 
on the class war front. A successful attack cannot be 
waged to liquidate the class enemies without firmly 
securing the positions already gained, re- 
grouping forces, assuring the front of re- 
serves, bringing up the rear. 


(Problems of Leninism, Moscow, 1952, pp. 345-346 [in 
Russian |). 





RE-GROUPING OF FORCES BY THE COMMUNIST 
PARTY 


Confronted with numerous signs of Party line distortions 
which have threatened collectivization with an untimely end, 
the Central Committee immediately began to remedy the 
situation. Besides Stalin's article, "Dizzy With Success,” 
published March 2, 1930, the Central Committee published its 
resolution in regard to the "struggle with Party line distortions 
in the collective farm structure" in which it stated that 
"workers who cannot or will not lead a decisive fight against 
Party line distortions must be dismissed from their positions and 
replaced by others," (RESOLUTIONS OF THE CPSU, Part 
II, p. 663 [in Russian]). On April 3 Stalin's article, “Reply to 
Comrades Collective Farmers," was published. It stated that, 

“On this basis the success of the collective movement was 
assured and the foundation laid for a new, gigantic growth of 
the collective farrn system." The 16th Party Congress held on 
June 26, 1930, was recorded as the "congress of a mass socialist 
attack on the whole front of the liquidation war against the 
kurkuls and the establishment of complete collectivization.” 
Soviet historians held that: 

"Although, prior to the mass movement of the farmers to 
collective farms, the Soviet government depended mainly on 
socialized industry, it henceforth depends also on the swiftly 
growing socialized section of agriculture, the collective and 
state farms." 

(History of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, 
Moscow, 1945, рр. 295-298 [in Russian. 

On May 1, 1930, collectivization of the farms in the chief 

grain-producing regions was already reaching 40 to 50 per cent. 


an 


The Five-Year Plan of the collective farm structure has been 
fulfilled more than one and a half times. 


THE PARTY AND THE CENTRAL COMMITTTEE 
DEVIATE IN COLLECTIVIZATION 


(Excerpt from Kosior's speech at the Congress of the CP(b)U, 
on June 5, 1930). 

We have often heard from our Party officiais 
everywhere such statements as these about the pre- 
sent plight of the collective farms: 

"Why are you hitting subordinate workers for 
allegedly distorting the Party line?" 

“The Central Committee had not given sufficient 
leeway in collectivization. It did not heed the distor- 
tions when they took place, and it failed to give 
adequate directives." 

"In this race and 'dizziness from success' the 
guilty are not only the workers on the lower levels 
but also those at the top, including the Central Com- 
mittee.” 

“Frankly, the Central Committee is no less guilty 
than the others. The subordinate organizations were 
excited over their successes but the Central Committee 
was equally dizzy with success and failed to give proper 
directions in this matter.” 

“Until the present furore the Central Committee 
had never bestowed any favors on the collective 
farmers. After committing a series of serious blunders, 
the Central Committee hopes to redeem itself by 
suddenly granting favors.” 

The Party now resolutely launches its program 
of socialist reconstruction of the rural area. 


SAVING PRESTIGE OF THE PARTY AND THE 
CENTRAL COMITTEE 


(From the 7th Party Conference of the Ukrainian Military 
Region). 
Attempts to discredit the Central Committee are 
coming from the right wing. 
In his speech to the Marxist agrarians, Stalin 


312 


spoke of the liquidation of the kurkuls on the 
grounds of complete collectivization only, and of d e- 
kurkulization only in those districts with 
complete collectivization. The Central Committee's 
resolution of January 6, 1930, bears this out. Stalin's 
reply to the driller's union again emphasizes the un- 
liklihood of de-kurkulization taking place out- 
side the areas of complete collectivization, and yet in 
many places where the extent of collectivization is 
small the kurkuls have been liquidated. 

"The Central Committee is not at fault here. 

In the resolution mentioned above the Central 
Committee clearly regards the farm artel as the basic 
form of collectivization, yet in many places this re- 
solution has been violated and collectives have been 
created instead. The Central Committee is not to 
Мате. 

The Central Committee specified wholly voluntary 
collectivization, emphasizing the duty of every 
Communist to strengthen the union between workers 
and the poor and middle farmers, and urging that the 
work be carried on with the aid of poor farmers and 
farm laborers, In many places this resolution ha; 
been violated and the Central Committee is not at 
fault. 

The task at hand is to secure and further develop 
the collective farm movement. 

We often encounter situations where former 
leftist distorters are ready to abandon the battle- 
field to the kurkuls and to dissolve the mighty 
collectives. They throw up their hands and let the 
whole affair go under. 

Since the 15th Party Congress, the role played by 
the proletariat has increased tremendously in the 
whole nation. In the socialist reconstruction of the 
гига] areas its role has also grown considerably. 

There are factions among the intelligentsia who 
are closely united with the Soviet government and the 
Party. Strong evidence points to the fact that a large 
number of the intelligentsia is drawn to the Party. 

(Visti, May 15, 1930). 





313 


314 


SABOTAGE IN AGRICULTURE IN UKRAINE 


The GPU has uncovered a counter-revolutionary 
organization which, for years, has carried on sabotage 
in Ukrainian agriculture. 

Usurping key posts in the People's Commissariat 
of Agriculture, the State Planning Department, the 
Ukrainian Farmers Bank and farm co-operatives this 
organization has willfully and systematically distorted 
the main poitücal directives of tne Communist Party 
and the Soviet government, made forceful attempts 
to direct agricultural development along capitalist 
lines, helped to strengthen the kurkuls econo- 
mically and has counteracted the socialist measures 
ot the Party in agriculture. 

This organization comprised a group of men 
who had in the past been active in landlord slavery, 
who are former Constitutional Democrats, mo- 
narchists, mensheviks, and so forth. Among them 
were the following. 

1, Syabro — Director of the agricultural division 
of the People’s Commissariat of Agriculture — tried 
to create strong individual farms. 

2. Mankovsky — Member ‘of the State Planning 
Department. 

3. Reznykov — Chief of the farming administra- 
tion of the People's Commissariat of Agriculture — 
used his position to strengthen the position of the 
kurkuls. 

4. Dibolt — Member of the administration of the 
seed division. 

5. Podolsky — Director of the livestock division 
of the People's Commisariat of Agriculture. 

6. Kononenko — Member of the administration 
of the Ukrainian Farmers Bank. 

7. Tsentylovych — Reviewer of the land plan of 
the People's Commissariat of Agriculture. 

8. Obdulsky-Abdulevsky — Director of the sta- 
tistical division of the Ukrainian Farmers Bank. 

9. and 10. Onufriyev and Pidhorodny—Specialists 
in the State Planning Department. 

11. Didusenko — Instructor in economics. 


12. Matskevych — Head of the agricultural 
research center in Kiev. 

13, 14, 15. Stepanenko, Dolenko, Emelyanov and 
others — Noted directors and specialists in the 
timbering industry. 

16. Hursky, 17. Kolesnikov, 18. Shustov, 19. Ko- 
valenko, 20. Padalka, 21. Marchenko — Planners of 
logging and lumbering. 

March 19, 1930). 

The iaiia documents are evidence of the confusion in 
the Communist Party and its Central Committee in connection 
with the distortion of the “Party line” and the reorganization of 
its forces in the farming area. This caused the demolition of the 
collective farm system and numerous misunderstandings among 
the Communists themselves. The farmers defended their own 
interests with Stalin's article. 

Then a new article was published by Stalin, “Reply to our 
Collective Farm Comrades,” in which he tried to explain the 
reason for the farmers’ withdrawal from the collective farms, 
propounding Lenin's theory of voluntary collectivization. The 
Communists, as always, disregarded this theory completely and 
coercion and de-kurkulization continued unabated after 
the re-grouping was completed. No restitution to the poor and 
middle farmers was attempted, for no record to this effect was 
ever published in the Soviet press. 

We have brief accounts from eye-witnesses telling of the 
feeble attempts to return the de-kurkulized children from 
concentration camps, where they were dying in enormous 
numbers, When that was done they all landed in the Soviet 
Children's Homes adding to the already huge numbers of 
homeless. 





HOW STALIN EXPLAINED THE FAILURE OF THE 
COLLECTIVE FARMS 


(Excerpt from Stalin's article, "Reply to Comrades Collective 
Farmers"). 

How can we explain the withdrawal of one section 
of the farmers from the collective farms? Some com- 
rades fall into despair and become panicky. Others 
rejoice and forecast the complete collapse of the 
collective farm movement. Both are mistaken. 


35 


First of all, only dead souls leave the collective 
farms, which is nothing more than a display of non- 
sense. 

Secoi 





Order for widespread sale of liquor 


316 


actually hostile to our cause. 

Finally, those leaving are the wavering element 
who are neither a hostile force nor dead souls. They 
are those farmers whom we were not able to convince 
of the rightness of our cause today, but whom we will 
no doubt convince tomorrow. The obvious con- 
clusion is that the withdrawal of one section of the 
collective farmers is not a negative occurrence, but 
rather a beneficial process of the revival and strength- 
ening of the collective farms. 

A month ago it was considered that 60 per cent 
of the grain producing regions had been collectivized. 
If, after the withdrawal of one section of the farmers 
40 per cent still remain, it will represent a great 
achievement. 

Are those who are withdrawing the right thing? 
No, they are not. 

A few days ago the Soviet government decided 
to exempt from taxation for a two-year period all 
socialized draught animals in the collective farm — 
horses, oxen, etc. — all cows, swine and fowl, either 
under the management of the collective farms or 
under the individual management of collective farmers. 

Aside from this, the Soviet government has 
decided to extend the terms of debtors until the end 
of the year, and to cancel all fines imposed prior to 
April 1 on those farmers, who have now joined the 
collective farms. 

These favors will be of great assistance to the 
collective farmers, and will not apply to those who 
have withdrawn. 

(Problems of Leninism, Moscow, 1952, рр. 347-350 [in 
Russlan J). 


STALIN SPECULATES ON LENIN'S THEORY OF 
VOLUNTARY COLLECTIVES 


(From Stalin's article "Reply to our Collective Farmer Com- 
rades”). 

What are the chief errors in the collective farm 

movement? There are at least three of them. The 

first is the violation of Lenin's principle of volunta- 


317 


riness in the building of collective farms. Here is 
what Lenin said: 

"Our immediate task: the conversion to so- 
cialized cultivation of land and to a great so- 
cialized agricultural industry. But no force whatever 
must be applied by the Soviet government; no law 
enforces this. The farm communes are created 
voluntarily, and the change to socialized 
cultivation must be only voluntary. The 
slightest attempt at coercion against the farmers must 
not be made. The law forbids it." (Volume XXIV. 
Page 43). 

“Encouraging the different kinds of organizations, 
and also farm communes of middle farmers, the Soviet 
government representatives must not in any case 
resort to force. Too much haste in this 
matter is detrimental" 


(Lenin's Collected Works, XXIV, p. 174: Stalin's italics). 
(Problems of Leninism, Moscow, 1952, pp. 339-40, [ir 


Russian |). 


STALIN SPECULATES ON LENIN'S THEORY 
CONCERNING MIDDLE FARMERS 


(From Stalin's article "Reply to our Collective Farmer Com- 
rades"). 

Where is the root of the error in the farm 
problem? In the wrong approach to the middle 
farmer. As long as the attack was waged on a mutual 
front with the middle farmers against the kurkuls 
everything was fine, but when our comrades, excited 
by their success, gradually began to change their 
course from an attack on the kurkul to an attack 
on the middle farmer, and in their blind pursuit of 
a high rate in collectivizetion began to apply such 
coercive methods against the middle farmers as dis- 
franchisement, de-kurkulization and expro- 
priation, the attack was distorted and the mutual front 
disintegrated. They forgot that the coercion applied 
to our class enemies is fatal and indeed is forbidden 
against our ally, the middle farmer. Cavalry raids, so 
necessary in war, are dangerous if applied to the task 


318 


of building the collective farm structure. 

Here are Lenin's own words regarding the middle 
farmer: 

“То apply coercion here means to 
lose everything. There is nothing 
more foolish than even the thought of 
using force against the middle farmer 
in our mutual relations with him in 
agriculture." (Volume XXV, p. 168). 

And further: 

"Coercion in connection with the 
middle farmer is most dangerous. This 
is a multi-million group. Even in Europe, not one of 
the revolutionary socialists ever advocated coercive 
measures against the middle farmer." (Volume XXIV, 
р. 167. Stalin's italics.) 

(Problems of Leninism, Moscow, 1952, pp. 335-336). 





F. PRAVOBEREZHNY 


THE RETURN OF THE DE-KURKULIZED CHILDREN 


The whole affair of de-kurkulization and collecti- 
vization had, by the beginning of 1930, become unendurable. 
News trickled in from Vologda, Arkhangelsk and Siberia of the 
mass deaths of the de-kurkulized children. The rural 
people had reached such a discouraged state that terrorism had 
lost its sting for them and they could no longer be intimidated. 
In Ukraine, and even Russia, the people were so overstrained 
that a spontaneous outbreak of revolt seemed imminent. 

Here again the Kremlin quickly employed its old stand-by, 
the tactic of "one step backwards — two steps forward." 
Orders flew to the North and the Siberian wilderness that all 
de-kurkulized children must be returned to their native 
villages immediately. When spring came special “express 
trains" brought these children back, often forcibly away from 
their unfortunate parents. True, some were willing to surrender 
their children knowing that certain death awaited them in the 
camps, but even then the separations were tragic. 

After returning them, their parents' property was not given 
back to them for their maintenance, but they were simply 
handed over to relatives and good-hearted neighbors. Many 


319 


of them soon scattered throughout Ukraine and Crimea adding 
to the hordes of homeless waifs and juvenile delinquents. 

The re-grouping strategy was carried to the anti-Soviet and 
anti-collective elements. The old kurkuls disappeared from 
the villages but a new type now took their places. They were 
branded for their ideological and psychological characteristics, 
and were equally a menace to the regime. The class war and 
the collectivization war became even more acute. 

In the following document, Stalin discusses the reasons 
for this. The misleading lie in this document is that the new 
"class enemies" were not farm people, but had somehow 
Schemed their way into collective and state farms. Actually the 
reverse was true. Anti-Soviet citizens fled to the cities and 
towns where they could more easily escape attention in the 
large factories and establishments. Only thoze farmers re- 
mained in the villages who could not, even in these circum- 
stances, bring themselves to desert their land. 

However, torrents of accusations were hurled at these farmers, 
the new kurkuls. 

In another document Stalin bluntly states that all "class 
enemies" were in the collective farms and it was useless to look 
for them elsewhere. Again th efarmers became the scape-goat. 


INTENSIFYING THE CLASS WAR 


(From Stalin's speech at the Plenum of the Central Committee 
and the Centre: Control Commission of the All-Union Commu- 
nist Party, January 7, 1933). 

Finding themselves thrown off the track the die- 
hard survivors of the disappearing classes — private 
industrialists and their servants, private business men, 
landlords, priests, kurkuls and under-kurkuls, 
former officers and managers, former policemen, all 
kinds of bourgeois and intelligentsia, of the chauvinist 
type, and all other anti-Soviet elements — have dis- 
persed throughout our factories, trade and other 
establishments, the railroad and water transportation 
systems, but mostly they have infiltrated our collective 
and state farms. They are hiding under the mask of 
"workers" and "farmers," sometimes even managing 
to penetrate into the Party. 

Acting quietly, they are causing as much damage 


320 


as possible. They burn storehouses and break ma- 
chinery. They organize sabotage in collective and 
state farms. Some of them go so far, professors among 
them, as to inject the collective farm livestock with 
plague germ, and horses with meningitis. 

Theft and looting of factories, trains, warehouses, 
collective and state farms is their special form of 
"activity." 

"These people from the former exploiting class are 
utilizing their private-ownership habits in the collective 
farms to encourage looting of social property and thus 
crumble the foundation of the Soviet order — social 
ownership. 

That is why the struggle for the preservation of 
social ownership, — a struggle in all the forms and 
means which our Soviet laws provide — is one of the 
most vital undertakings of the Party. 

(Problems of Leninism, Moscow, 1952, рр. 426-428). 


COLLECTIVE FARMS ARE A HUNTING GROUND 
FOR CLASS ENEMIES 


(From Stalin's article "About Work on the Farm" at the Plenum 
of the Central Committee and Central Control Commission of 
the All-Union Communist Party, January 11, 1933). 

They are looking for the class enemy outside the 
collective farm. They are looking for human beings 
with the faces of beasts with large teeth, thick necks 
and cuts on their hands. They are searching for the 
kurkul of the posters, Such kurkuls have long 
since disappeared from the scene. Today'skurkuls, 
under-kurkuls and other anti-Soviet elements are 
people who are “quiet,” “sweet-tempered” and almost 
"holy." They may be found right in the collective 
farms occupying such positions as storekeepers, 
collective farm managers, bookkeepers, secretaries, 
etc. 

They are all “for” the collective farms, but carry 
on sabotage and all sorts of damaging work which 
will hurt the collective farms greatly. 

When the collective farms are operated by 
mensheviks, Petlyurists, white guards, former Deni- 


321 


322 


kists and Kolchakists they become the refuge of all 
kinds of counter-revolutionary activities. 

There have been many cases of Communists 
being in the network of the collective farms operated 
by former white officers, Petlyurists and other enemies 
of the workers and farmers. 

(Problems of Leninism, Moscow, 1952, pp. 438-442), 


CHAPTER Ш. 


SAVING DISTRIBUTION, TRADE AND 
AGRICULTURAL INDUSTRIES 


In a previous chapter, "Liquidating co-operative trade and 
paralyzing distribution to the towns and villages," we presented 
documents concerning that catastrophic period when, as a 
result of collectivization, distribution of food to the workers in 
the cities and manufactured commodities to the farmers was 
hopelessly disorganized. 

The prevalent propaganda urging that the first Five-Year 
Plan was under way and that at its culmination life would be 
better did not satisfy the workers and the farmers. They were 
hungry and the food shortage was growing worse. The lines 
were long and tedious often with no food at the end. Soon their 
work began to suffer. Rationing did not rleieve the situation, 
more drastic measures were needed. 

And so, hastily, in the spring of 1930 all larger establish- 
ments, such as factories and the city co-operatives were forced 
to arrange their own sources of food produce. They had to set 
up their own fruit farms, chicken and other fowl ranches, dairy 
and livestock farms so that agriculture became an important 
occupation of thecities. Bread and other flour by-products were 
the only items which were rationed more or less satisfactorily. 
Sugar and confections also presented no major problem. 

The fruit problem was soon solved, for by late spring the 
workers had fruit from their own gardens. Eggs were 
available only in the winter season of 1930-31. Worst of all 
was the milk and meat supply. It took two years to solve this 
problem even partially. 

The newly-formed collective farms received urgent orders 
from the government to raise fowl, dairy and beef cattle. 
Quotas for milk and eggs for the state were imposed on 
collective and individual farmers to be filled without considera- 
tion for the farmers’ own needs. 

The co-operative trade created on a social-community basis 
through the voluntary private initiative of the farmers and 


323 


workers was liquidated. Although all trade establishments in 
the towns and villages were called "co-operatives" they were 
really state businesses run according to state administration 
directives. 

In all cities and towns the workers and office workers were 
rationed through the card system and there vere purchase 
record books with occasional additional coupons for manufac- 
tured items such as clothing, footwear, kerosene, fuel, etc. 
Consumer goods were in extremely short supply all over and 
soon a black-market trade began to flourish, which the go- 
vernment could not stamp out. 

Appearance of any food or manufactured goods in the state 
stores was considered a magnanimous government favor to the 
workers rather than legitimate transaction of business. 





RUINING DISTRIBUTION THEY SEARCH 
FOR THE GUILTY 


In the Dniepropetrovsk network of the Trans- 
portation Consumers Organization the top directors 
were the following: 

President — Zadyranov. 

Assistants—Tkach and Fomin. 

Manager of the trade division — Samiylenko. 

Head of the revision commission — Bilous. 

They were all in contact with private speculators, 
and misappropriated merchandice, money and pro- 
perty. In the meat supply store former officers were 
in charge, and Tsarist stooges, Petlyurist 
commanders, Hetman followers and other squander- 
ers. 

Fifty men were arrested and indicted. 

An investigation and purge are being conducted 
in the Kiev Transportation Consumers Organization. 
The class approach must be used in all fields of work. 

To replace saboteurs, bureaucrats and stupidity, 
the better types of farm laborers and poor farmers 
should be brought in. 

Unsparing criticism and self-criticism must be 
used to uncover the deficiencies and the unworthy 
elements in the co-operative apparatus. 


e 
o 
ч 


Supply of food to the public is the most important 
phase of the co-operative reconstruction. 
(Visti, April 27, 1930), 


8,000 SWINE DIE OF HOG CHOLERA 


(Resolution of the Central Committee of the All- 
Union Communist Party). 

The Central Committee states that: 

In thé Haleshchena biological station, in the Bry- 
hadiwka district, Poltava region, kurkul work has 
been in evidence over a long period of time. Thirteen 
per cent of all the hogs died, 20,000 bushels of forage 
were sold illegally, surpluses were kept back from the 
grain collecting plan and 8,000 hogs died of hog 
cholera. 

Therefore the Central Committee resolves: 

1. To expel from the Party and indict the station 
manager — Rozkoshenko. To expel from the Party 
for khvostism (according to a Soviet dictionary: 
submission to spontaneity in the labor movement) the 
head of the workers committee — Lavrentiev. To 
dismiss from work with a severe reprimand the Party 
center secretary — Myronenko. 

2. To dismiss from work, expel from the Party and 
indict the director of the state farm "Udarnyk" (shock- 
worker) for laxness in execution of duty and for 
assistance in destroying the hogs. 

3. For permitting the destruction of hogs and for 
failure to counteract the menace in the collective farms 
the Bryhadiwka District Party Committee Bureau 
must publish a severe reprimand against. and dismiss 
from work, the following: 

(1) Secretary of the District Party Committee — 
Lytvynenko. 

(2) Chief of the District Party Committee — 
Ryaboshapka. 

(3) Chief of the District Professional Council — 
Paposhkin. 

(4) Head of the Farm-workers Control Commi- 

ssion — Kozhanchikov. 


325 


(5) Manager of the District Land Administration 
— Hvozdetsky. 

4. For total inactivity the representative of the 
Veterinary Trust, Utkin, must be dismissed from 
work and expelled from the Party. This resolution is 
to be handed to the Veterinary Central Committee, 
drawing special attention to the unsatisfactory manage- 
ment of the biological station. 

5. To publish a reprimand against the director of 
the Veterinary Department of the People's Commi- 
ssariat of Agriculture for failure to give proper 
direction in the struggle against cholera. 

(Visti, February 3, 1932). 


WHY THERE IS NO MEAT 


(Excerpts from Kosior's speech at the Kharkiw Re- 
gional Party Conference). 

Ihave often heard workers say, "Why do we have 
no meat?" 

In 1928 our livestock industry grew to such an 
extent that we exceeded the pre-Revolutionary 
quantity of livestock. The number of workers has 
recently increased by 60 per cent. Our people are 
now eating twice as much meat. The year 1928 was 
our turning point. 

This year our attack on the kurkul and his 
ultimate liquidation has played its part. The kur- 
kuls venomously destroyed their cattle. The damage 
they did in the livestock industry was no less serious 
than in the grain collecting plans. 

The mass destruction of livestock which has been 
taking place during the past year also had a bearing 
on the situation. The recent count of all livestock 
shows a reduction in the number of head of cattle of 
16 per cent. 

The rightist opportunists and Trotskyites ask! 
"Why have we no meat? It is the fault of collectivi- 
zation. Why have we no milk? Collectivization is to 
blame, it took all the cows." 

And what about consumer goods? We all know 


that the situation is not good. Expecially is this 
keenly felt in the rural areas. However, in the past 
four months the general supply has increased by 50 
per cent. 

(Pravda, June 2, 1930. 


LIVESTOCK DESTROYED 


In order to remedy the irregularities in the supply 
of meat and meat by-products of the best quality to 
the workers, and to increase the raw materials for the 
meat packing industry the Party has decided to re- 
construct its livestock industry by rabbit breeding. In 
the existing meat supply situation the rabbit-raising 
industry rnust be developed to the greatest possible 
proportions and in shock action tempo. 

Every effort must be thrown into the struggle 
against complacency in this momentous task. All 
work must be carried on strictly according to plan. 

The collective farms, state farms and co-operatives 
must be in the forefront of the rabbit-raising venture. 

Rabbit-raising is not child's play. It is serious 
business. It must be practical. 

Urgent measures are needed. Contracting of 
rabbits must begin. 

Local organizations, first of all the collective 
farms, state farms and co-operatives must enter into 
this field with the maximum of energy. 

Slogans used in the development of rabbit- 
breeding as a basic source of the meat supply). 

(Visti, March 20, 1930). 


PENALTIES FOR IRREGULAR MEAT SUPPLY 


(Resolution of the Council of People's Commissars 
and the Ukrainian Central Executive Committee). 

To ensure a dependable supply of meat by the 
farmers and to forestall any unlawful exemptions by 
the local governments of farmers or collective farms 
from supplying assigned quotas of meat to the state 
the Council of People's Commissars and the Ukrainian 
Central Executive Committee resolve: 

1. For unlawful exemption of individual farmers 


327 


328 


or collective farms from delivery of their assigned 
quotas of meat to the state, or for failure to deliver 
said quotas on schedule, the heads of the village Soviet 
ate to be arraigned on criminal charges and prosecut- 
ed as follows: 

(a) For unlawful exemption of meat delivery, 
imprisonment of not less than one year and in more 
serious cases (unlawful exemption of the kurkuls 
and other prosperous elements) a longer term of im- 
prisonment is to be imposed. (Article 97 of the 
criminal code). 

(b) For failure to deliver or for late delivery of 
the assigned meat quotas a three-month term of 
imprisonment is to be imposed or one year of forced 
labor. 

(c) For a similar offence, if it should result in the 
non-completion of the meat collecting plan, imprison- 
ment of ten years is to be given, and in no instance 
less than two years. 

2. To recommend that the People's Commissariat 
of Justice of Ukraine review this matter immediately, 
and appoint a direct control to put these measures 
into effect in every region. 

President of the Ukrainian Central Executive 
Committee — H. Petrovsky. 

Head of the Council of People's Commissars — 
W. Chubar. 

Secretary of the Ukrainian Central Executive — 
Voytsekhovsky. 

(Visti, February 12, 1933). 


NO MEAT, MILK OR BUTTER 
FOR THE TOWNS 


(Resolution of the Council of People's Commissars of 
Ukraine). 

Notwithstanding the Council of People's Commi- 
ssars resolution of April 2 of this year the supply of 
meat, milk and butter is very unsatisfactory. For the 
second quarter of this year, 1933, the plan has been 
only 47 per cent completed. 

For 15 months prior to June 10 the meat supply to 


the Chernyhiw region was only 49.8 per cent of the 
quota, and to the Kiev region 54.5 per cent. 

The supply of milk and butter lags still further 
behind schedule. The Donets Basin has received only 
30 per cent, the Chernyhiw region 28 per cent, the 
Kharkiw region 29.3 per cent and the Kiev region 29.4 
per cent. 

Lack of proper management from the collectivc 
farms and regiorial organizations is felt in the matter. 
In the People's Commissariat of Supply there is not 
even an elementary record of the rates of the meat 
assignment deliveries. Absence of supply assignments 
in the collective farms is resulting in a complete 
stoppage of deliveries of produce in many regions. 

The meat supply plan for the second quarter was 
completed only 10.01 per cent in the Talne district in 
the Kiev region, in Lysyanka 8.3 per cent, in the Bo- 
hudukhiwka district, Kharkiw region 18.3 per cent and 
in the Velykopysariwka region 20 per cent. 

At the same time the milk supply plan was 
completed in the Kalyniwka district, Vynnytsya 
region 3.4 per cent, Oryniwka district 5.7 per cent; 
in the Trostyanets district, Kharkiw region 11.3 per 
cent. 

In addition many cases of distortions of the Party 
and government directives have been found in 
different organizations of the meat, milk and butter 
supply: 

(a) Unlawful requests by the District Executive 
Committees to sent them for approval penalties 
imposed on defaulters by the village Soviets. 

(b) Refusal to impose penalties. 

(c) Selling livestock confiscated from defaulters. 

(d) Appropriating milk, earmarked for state 
supply, for local consumption. 

Chief of the Council of People's Commissars, V. 
Chubar. 

(Visti, June 21, 1933). 


Centralized distribution played a major role at that time in 
the food supply to the regional towns, central establishments 
and all industries. All such establishments and industries made 


329 


applications for their quota of workers to the People's Commi- 
ssariat of Trade of Ukraine and through its channels obtained 
their share of food and manufactured goods. 

All regional towns, their industries and establishments, all 
rural establishments, including the schools, depended on the 
local supply; that is, whatever the regional organs could hold 
back from the state collecting plans and whatever remained 
after completion of the plans. 

As a result, the different industries and establishments had 
their own distribution centers, or stores, which catered only to 
their own workers and office workers. Eventually they even set 
up farms to raise produce for their own use. 

Also the so-called closed stores, which served only a select 
group and were closed to the general public, started to operate. 


1. D. (geologist) 
CENTRALIZED DISTRIBUTION 


In the years 1931 to 1934, every summer for five months, 
April to August inclusive, I directed geological expeditions 
throughout the Odessa region. These groups consisted of 
technically trained personnel from Kiev and other workers 
whom I engaged from among the local people. To feed these 
groups I received supplies from the centralized supply head- 
quarters of the People's Cornmissariat of Trade of Ukraine in 
Kiev or Kharkiw. І could not secure any food locally. 

Items included in the supply were bread or flour, cereal or 
macaroni, sugar, oil, sausage and makhorka (a poor grade 
of tobacco). It was handled in the following manner. 

From Kiev, where the geological center was then located 
and from where I was dispatched for ezpeditions, an application 
went to the People's Commissariat of Trade for food for a cer- 
tain number of workers. The application also stated the district 
supply center (District Consumers Association) at which I was 
to receive my supplies. The Commissariat then sent from its 
stores the food iterns mentioned earlier. No milk or eggs were 
provided for us. It was taken for granted that we would buy 
these products from the local farmers with our own money. 

In 1931 it was more or less possible to buy a little milk, 
eggs, butter or even an occasional chicken from the farmers. In 
1932 we could buy a few eggs or an occasional bottle of milk 





330 


from the co-operatives, but by 1933 it was absolutely impossible 
to buy anything at all. In that year our group, only four men 
this time, did not receive our expected food supplies. We lived 
in Pervomaysk and did not eat for forty days. We were all 
swollen from starvation. We managed to survive only because 
I unlawfully received somebody else's assignment of a bushel 
of semolina from which we made a thin gruel. 


THE APPEARANCE OF CLOSED 
DISTRIBUTION CENTERS 


(From the Resolution of the Secretariat of the Ukrai- 
nian Central Executive Committee in regard to the 
management of town and districts co-operatives in 
their supply to the workers). 

Inspection of the state of supply to the workers 
in the cities and towns of Kiev, Dniepropetrovsk, Lu- 
hansk, Mariupol, Konotop, and others reveals the 
following changes: 

(a) The workers co-operatives have grown. In 
Dniepropetrovsk on October 1, 1929, 125, 294 workers 
were members of the co-operatives and on October 1, 
1930, there were 178,037. In Kiev on the зате dates 
the co-operative memberships were 210,000 and 
336,252 respectively. 

(b) Distribution itself has improved greatly as 
indicated by the consumers' purchase books filled out 
by the co-operatives.' The extent covered is, Kiev 43 
per cent, Dniepropetrovsk 69.5 per cent, Luhansk 86.1 
per cent. 

(c) Closed distribution centers have been created, 
9 in Konstantyniwka-Donbas, 33 in Dniepropetrovsk. 

(d) City and town farms have been set up. 
Dniepropetrovsk has a hog ranch of 2,732 hogs, Ma- 
riupol has a dairy farm of 1,681 cows and vegetable 
farms amounting of 1,320 acres. Kiev has a vegetable 
farm of 2,400 acres. 

(e) Food supply to the general public has im- 
proved. The extent covered by the public plan is 

8.4 per cent in Mariupol, 30.2 per cent in Luhansk, 
and so on. 


331 


(f) Work and management of the co-operatives is 
improved. 

The chief shortcomings are: 

(a) Insufficient mobilization of the working 
masses for the execution of the government and Party 
directives. 

(b) The management of the co-operative organi- 
zations in towns and rural areas has not become the 
battle headquarters of the management and organi- 
zation of the workers' supply. 

(c) The un-organized public, especially the 
women, have not been drawn into co-operative work. 

(d) Plans for reconstruction of workers’ supply 
have not been carried. out. 

(e) Public consumption has not yet attained 
first importance. 

Secretary of the Ukrainian Central Executive 
Committee — Vasylenko. 

(Visti, January 4, 1931). 


O. KIYANYN 
WHAT ARE THEY GIVING? 


There was a dire shortage of food and other everyday 
necessities in Kiev during the hunger period of 1930 to 1934. 
Rationing was strict and ration books and coupons were used 
for the smallest purchases. People were obliged to buy their 
food at certain stores only, and coupons were provided for 
manufactured goods which could be used in any store carying 
the needed items. The stores had no steady supplies but received 
them periodically and irregularly. 

The hungry and poverty-stricken people trudged in long 
processions along the streets trying to find a store which had 
anything to sell. The appearance of goods in some stores was 
greeted as a pleasant surprise and treated like a gift and favor 
from the authorities. That is when the term "give" instead of 
“sell” became common. "What are they giving?" "In the М. 
store they are giving this or that.” "Everything has been given 
out." "We will be giving it on such and such a day." 

Every resident of Kiev carried with him wherever he went 
a little net sack which folded into a small knot and could be 
placed in a coat pocket. This was in case he came across food 


332 


in some store unexpectedly. I carried such a sack and so did 
my wife, and all my friends and acquaintances. Not only in 
Kiev was the little sack popular, but in all the cities and towns 
of Ukraine and throughout the whole USSR. 


O. KIYANYN 
GO AWAY! WE ARE NOT GIVING ANYTHING TODAY 


The poor and famished people of Kiev often became vic- 
tims of conscienceless pranksters as they roamed the streets 
seeking for some food to buy. 

For instance, two or three students would be walking along 
the street and seeing a number of anxious-looking people would 
decide to play a joke on them. Coming to a closed shop they 
would form a line, and before long several dozen people would 
be standing behind them. Soon the shoppers would ask each 
other what was being “given” in the shop but, without finding 
out anything definite, they would continue to stand and the line 
would grow. By then the front group had had its laugh and 
departed. 

The shop-keepers, seeing the line, would come out and try 
to tell the people that they had nothing to “give,” but the crowd 
being desperate would not go away. “We know you are keep- 
ing it for your friends, but we will not let anyone in out of turn. 
Open the store!" 

"Go away. We are not giving anything today. Somebody 
has fooled you." 

The crowd would gradually disperse, cursing and deploring 
the shopkeepers and the instigators of the useless queue, feeling 
badly for having wasted so much time in which they just might 
have found some store which was actually "giving" something. 





O. KIYANYN 
SPECULATORS AND BLACK MARKETS 


Speculators and black markets were an "unplanned" source 
of consumer goods for the town and city dwellers in those dif- 
ficult collectivization years of 1930 to 1933. 

Except for a few exceptions (the big Soviet and Party 
lords) the workers and office workers being on a planned con- 
sumer goods supply never had enough food, clothing, footwear 


335 


and other everyday necessities. But all this could be bought 
on the black markets at high prices. 

"There were several black markets in Kiev but because they 
were not allowed to operate within the city limits they were 
located some distance out. One was permitted on the vacant 
plot of land between Pecherska Lavra and Demiyewka. 

It was a huge market-place carrying assorted merchandise 
where anything could be bought. There were different corners 
for different types of goods. Everything was sold discreetly, 
nothing was displayed anywhere. The ground was littered with 
used household articles, but everything else was carried under 
the coat-tail to enable it to be hidden quickly if a policeman 
showed up. 

The market sold goods which came from the state stores. 
The managers worked hand in hand with the speculators, shar- 
ing the profits made by the enormous prices.Such items as oil, 
sugar, butter, herrings were substantial quantities there. Al- 
though the market was open every day, most of its business 
was done on Sundays, which was the day of rest for the work- 
ers. 

At least 25 to 30 per cent of the workers’ earnings was spent 
in these markets. 

The supply of consumer goods to the villages was in a still 
worse state than that to the urban centers. If any supplies were 
occasionally brought in, it was on condition that the farmers 
give the government all the grain they had for the privilege of 
buying whatever they needed. 

The farmers had great difficulty in procuring such necessi- 
ties as salt, matches, kerosene, etc., let alone any clothing or 
footwear. 

Especially hard hit were the schools, both teachers and 
pupils, as the Soviet documents tell. These circumstances pre- 
vailed in the schools throughout Ukraine. 


GIFTS OF MERCHANDISE TO THOSE WHO 
GIVE ALL THEIR GRAIN 


(Consumer goods are exchanged in the grain collect- 
ing plans). 

The People's Commissariat of Supply and the All- 
Ukrainian Co-operative Association has assigned a 
reserve of manufactured goods for 149 districts 


334 


which have a decisive bearing on the grain-collecting 
plan for the month of January. 

The goods are alloted to collective farms, the 
collective farmers and the poor and middle individual 
farmers who complete and over-complete their assign- 
ments of the grain collecting plan in January. 

The People's Commissariat of Supply proposes 
that the District Executive Committee continue to 
give active aid to the District Consumers’ Associa- 
tion in distributing the following goods to those who 
have delivered their grain: cotton material and foot- 
wear which in the first place must be sold to those 
who have given wheat, rye and oats. 

According to the Supply Commissariat's direc- 
tives the local organizations must encourage the col- 
lective farmers by selling them manufactured goods 
up to 50 per cent of the value of the grain they have 
given and to poor and middle farmers 40 per cent of 
the grain they bring in. 

The supply departments and consumers' co-oper- 
atives in the 149 districts must make use of all avail- 
able transportation for a quick delivery of the mer- 
chandise to all villages and collective farms. 

The District Executive Committees must watch 
for the arrival of goods in their districts and immed- 
iately arrange for their delivery to the assigned points. 

All District Executives are asked to use these 
manufactured goods solely for the promotion of the 
grain-collecting plans. 

(Visti, January 9, 1932) 


NEGLECT OF THE SUPPLY TO THE 
SCHOOLS 


In the village of Besediwka, Stavyshcha district, 
the schools have not yet been put on a regular supply. 
The supply to the teachers and pupils has not been 
given due attention. 

In the Sukhiwka School, Bryhadyriwka district, 
only 20 textbooks were received and no clothing or 
footwear at all. Needness to say this has resulted in 
poor attendance. 


335 


336 


The same situation exists with the food supply 
and the teachers' pay. To top it all, no fuel has been 
given the schools. 

How can satisfactory work be expected in the 
Schools when local organizations take no interest in 
assuring the required conditions? 

(Visti, January 7, 1931) 


SUPPLY OF TEACHERS WAS 
INTERRUPTED 


(From a resolution of the Executive Committee of 
the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet regarding supply of 
teachers). 

After hearing representatives of the People's 
Commissariat of Education, the People's Commis- 
sariat of Supply, the Ukrainian Co-operative Associa- 
tion, the People's Commissariat of Workers’ and 
Farmers’ Inspection and the All-Ukrainian Council 
of Professional Associations the Executive Commis- 
sion of the Ukrainian Suprene Soviet declared that: 

1. In many districts irregularities are permitted 
in supplying teachers, and their pay is often held in 
arrears for one to two months. 

2. The aforementioned supply situation rnust be 
remedied and the teachers' salaries raised. 

3. The local organizations in many districts have 
failed to realize that distortions in the teachers' sup- 
ply, especially binding teachers to certain collective 
farms and allowing them only poor quality products, 
is a sign, to a certain extent, of hostile action, such as 
that of the kurkuls and their agents who have 
often tried to hamper cultural-educational work. 

To ensure full execution of the Party and gov- 
ernment directives in easing the teachers’ circum- 
stances the Executive Commission resolves: 

1, That the People’s Commissariat of Supply, 
the Ukrainian Co-operative Association and the Uk- 
rainian Collective Farm Center must within ten days 
arrange for supplies to be sent to the teachers from 
the collective farms, and also supply teachers in those 
villages which have no collective farms. 


2. The Ukrainian Collective Farm Center, the 
Regional Executive Committee, the District Executive 
Committee must immediately conduct an inquiry into 
the state of the teachers' supply of. payment of the 
teachers’ salaries by the evillage Soviets. 

(Visti, March 17, 1932» 


1. MEDVNNETS 
TSARIST OVERCOATS FOR SOVIET FOOTWEAR 


During collectivization, the most distressing problem of the 
Ukrainian rural population was the lack of footwear. To buy 
it in the stores was an absolute impossibility. The villages were 
allowed only a small quantity which went to the collective of- 
ficials. People finally resorted to tanning the hides of their 
farm animals and became quite proficient at this, but the Soviet 
government prosecuted them for it. Then another method was 
devised. 

For instance in Medvyn, Kiev region, the farmers had kept 
large flocks of sheep in pre-Revolutionary times. They made 
sheep-skin coats to wear and wove heavy woolen materials for 
overcoats and outer garments. Every farmer had several of 
these overcoats. After the Revolution they wore out and were 
used for bedding. 

When collectivization came, and with it the disappearance 
of all shoes, these Tsarist relics were resurrected for making 
boots. These boots were worn by the young and old, men, 
women and children. From 60 to 80 per cent of the rural folk 
were shod in these new, makeshift contraptions. Soon, special 
shoemakers appeared in the villages who specialized in making 
such boots from old overcoats. 

In the winter season or wet weather this footwear could 
be worn with rubber galoshes over the top. So the chief worry 
of the farmers was to procure these galoshes, and they paid 
any price for them. The Soviet government must have taken 
this into consideration, because an almost adequate supply of 
them came to the villages from time to time. 

As to clothing the people were clad in rags and tatters of 
clothing they had bought in better days. 


E 337 


YAVTUKH BEDZVIN 


ALL SOVIET TRADE AND COLLECTIVE 
PLANS WERE ROBBERY 


The Soviet trade system and collecting plans during the 
collectivization years represented complete robbery of the farm- 
ers. For example, I shall relate the story of the village of Huta, 
in the Bohodukhiwka district. 

The farmer was forced to sell а cow-hide to the govern- 
ment for just a few rubles and then pay 1,500 rubles for a pair 
of shoes made from the cowhide. 

Pigskin was bought from the farmer for several kopeks, or 
a pair of shoe soles and the farmer was charged high prices for 
products from that skin. 

Earlier, when farmers butchered hogs they left the skins 
on the carcasses, cutting them up with the fat but when the 
Soviet government passed a regulation forcing the farmers to 
skin the hogs and sell the skins to the state. 

Through the game-collecting plan a fox skin brought 25 
rubles to the hunter and the finished skin cost ten times as 
much, 

The situation was the same with all farm produce also. 
Eggs, milk, etc., were bought from the farmers for next to noth- 
ing, and sold back to them for high, speculative prices. 


NOTHING FOR EXPORT 


We declare that the local and district committees 
for the assistance of the export industry as a rule do 
not function. 

The People’s Commissariat of Trade and profes- 
sional organizations do not pay sufficient attention to 
the task of insuring the completion of the export plans 
and raising this trade to the desired level. 

To correct the faults, and improve the work of 
the local committees for the assistance of exports, it 
is proposed by the Central Control Commission of 
the Communist Party of Ukraine and the Control 
Commission of the Workers-Farmers Inspection that: 

1. Within five days the People's Commissariat of 
Trade give the needed instructions to the localities as 
to the organization of committees for the assistance 


338 


of export and the work they are to carry on. 

2. Within a five-day period the Ukrainian Co- 
operative Association send proper instructions to their 
subordinates as to the work to be done by the сот- 
mittees for the assistance of exports. 

3. All local and district branches of the Workers 
and Farmers Inspection Control Commission must, 
by January 25, check upon the work of the com- 
mittees. 

4. Taking into account the total inactivity of the 
committees for the assistance of exports, in Zolotono- 
sha, Bila Tserkva, Vapnyar, Slovechan, Bryhadyriwka, 
Artemiw, Vakhmut and other districts, heads of the 
District Executive Committees of the said districts 
must take this into consideration. 

5. This resolution is to be published in the press. 

Acting for the Central Control Commission of 
the Workers-Farmers Inspection—Jrosvirin. 

(Visti, January 3, 1931) 


LD 


HORSETAILS FOR EXPORT 


When complete collectivization was in progress and the 
farming industry was ruined, all collecting-plan organizations, 
including the co-operatives, found it impossible to complete the 
different collecting plans for salvage, which the USSR needed 
for export in its agreements with other countries. Then the 
Trade Department raised a cry and Pravda wrote on June 
2, 1930: 

"The export plan for salvage is falling through. According 
to the Trade Department data only 56.2 per cent of the export 
plan is completed, and some regions are contributing very little 
towards the plan. For example Izyum contributed 4.6 per cent 
of its assigned quota, Chernyhiw 7.8 per cent, and Mariupol 8.2 
per cent." 

In the salvage-collecting drive proclamations were issued 
to collective and individual farmers to bring in such stuff as 
horsetails (all horses' tails were ordered to be shorn), bristles, 
Chicken feathers, bones, hides and hair from domestic animals. 

As a result of the destruction of domestic animals the 
leather industry was threatened. No hide-collecting plans could 


339 


be carried to completion because no hides were available. If a 
farmer had a hide once in a while he generally tried to tan it 
himself for his own use. The district organizations also did this. 

In desperation, the government proclaimed a mass killing 
of dogs, a rabbit-skin collecting plan and a drive for rat skins. 
Also, establishments were opened in every district where dead 
animals were brought. The hides were taken off be sent to the 
tanneries and the carcasses were used for soap-making. 

An acute soap shortage also prevailed everywhere. In the 
villages the people searched for substitutes. Every sort of clay 
was tried. In the stores, small pieces of fuller's earth were sold 
and in the towns and cities people could buy on their purchase 
books packages of washing soda. One package per month per 
family was allowed. 

It is perhaps as well to mention here that distilleries were 
the only industry which operated at full speed. They had 
plenty of raw material (grain) for their purpose and whiskey 
could be bought freely in any quantity. 


COLLECTING HIDES FOR TANNERIES 


A drive has been launched for skins and hides. A 
strict proletariat control has been set up in the hide 
collecting plan. The kurkuls and speculators will 
be most severely attacked and a steady development 
of the leather industry will be assured. (Newspaper 
slogans). 

The flow of raw materials for the leather industry 
has declined noticeably in the second half of last year. 

In June, 1930, 100,000 cowhides were collected 
and 115,000 skins from sheep, goats and swine. 

In October, 1930, 92,000 cowhides were collected 
(the plan called for 175,000) ; sheep-skins: 99,400 were 
collected (plan 264,000); pigskins: collected 25,000 
(plan 40,900). 

Steps have been taken to overcome all obstacles 
and the plan shortage was not very large. In Novem- 
ber 141,000 cowhides were collected; 108,700 sheep- 
skins (plan 230,000); 33,100 pigskins (plan 58,100). 

Disagreements exist among different organiza- 
tions of the hide-cellecting plan. A special one-month 
drive is needed to stimulate the plan, and a resolute 


340 


struggle must be waged against using hides for home 
handicrafts. 

In the Novo-Buzyok district permission was 
granted for the return of hides taken from the collective 
farm "Spring Pathway" in spite of the fact that an 
illegal use of hides for home use was uncovered. 

In the Skvyr district permission was given to 
return to a farmer 26 sheep skins. 

In the Vynnytsya district the hide-collecting or- 
ganization was prohibited from catching and killing 
dogs. 

The Sophia Regional Consumers' Organization is 
tanning hide in its own workshops. 

(Visti, January 2, 1931). 


SAVING THE RABBIT INDUSTRY WITH 
RABBITS AND RATS 


Interruptions in the leather industry caused by 
insufficient supply of raw rnaterials must be avoided. 
(Slogan). 

Sabotage by the class enemy in the livestock in- 
dustry has caused a marked decrease in the heards, 
and this in turn has resulted in hide shortages for the 
state leather industry and is hampering the completion 
of planned undertakings. This means a shortage of 
shoes for the workers. 

To anticipate this situation firm steps must be 
taken to draw the masses into the action of completing 
the hide-collecting plan. Besides cowhides and sheep 
Skins the leather industry needs second rate skins like 
those from pigs, dogs, rabbits and rats. 

Pigskins are becoming increasingly important to 
the industry. During the past year, 1929-30, 100,000 
pigskins were used. Collection of the skins is very 
slow. The factories do not receive their needed supply 
of raw material. 

Collection of dog skins is also slow. The organi- 
zations were asked to collect 69,400 dog skins but they 
brought in only 23,500 skins, or 36 per cent of the 
assignment. 

In order to aid the skin-collecting plans 505 


341 


tallow-melting stations are planned where dead 
animals will be skinned and the carcasses melted down. 
The disastrous state of the hide collecting plan may 


be seen from the following figures. 
In October, 1329, 984,000 hides came in, in November 1,121,000 


In October, 1930, 76,000 hides camein, іп November 90,000 

In other words last year’s collection brought only 
7.7 per cent of the skins collected the previous year. 
This collapse of the plan may be explained only by 
sabotage and by the opportunism of organizations 


affiliated with the hide collecting plan. 
(Visti, January 6, 1931). 


CHAPTER IV. 


FARMERS TERRORIZED BY POLITICAL 
AND ECONOMICAL CAMPAIGNS 


After re-grouping their forces the Communists continued 
the strong drive against the farmers to force them into collective 
farms. All individual, and even collective farmers lived in 
constant terror of the different political and economic campaigns. 

Some of these campaigns were: 

1.The Grain-Collecting Plan. Besides delivering 
to the state the assigned quotas of grain, the farmers were 
usually forced to sponsor additional plans in order to over- 
subscribe to the already excessive state plan, thus dooming 
themselves and their families to starvation. 

2. Farming Campaigns. These were the fall and 
spring seeding campaigns which entailed the collection of seed 
grain, everhauling machinery and going through the actual 
seeding operation. There were also sugar-beet planting, and the 
harvest campaigns of grain, sugar-beets and vegetables. 

3. Economic Campaigns. This involved collecting 
taxes in money, issuing state bonds, levying the cultural tax 
for local educational purposes, collecting expense money for the 
different campaigns, selling co-operative shares. 

4. "Export Campaign." This was the drive for all 
kinds of salvage which the government needed for its external 
trade. 


There were also a great number of minor campaigns, such 
as, compulsory delivery of certain quantities of meat, milk, eggs, 
fruits and vegetables to the state. The campaigns continued in 
a never-ending procession, every day of the year, without giving 
the poor farmers any respite even on Sunday or such holiday as 
Christmas and Easter. 

All the campaigns were conducted by the so-called brigades 
of actives, shock brigades, propaganda brigades as well as 
the so-called workers’-farmers’ co-operatives. The popular 
method was to call small meetings in the fields after work or at 
night in the collective farms, not allowing the farmers to sleep. 





343 


"This was counted on to bring people to a state of complete 
physical exhaustion and psychological frustration, a state when 
a human being loses his human instincts and become a soft, 
pliable tool in the hands of his master. 

Sooner or later this had to lead to complete collecitvization. 
The farmers had no other alternative. 


INCREASE IN THE YIELD 


(From a resolution of the Central Committee of the 
All-Union Communist Party, January 7, 1931, regard- 
ing work of the Grain Trust). 

1. The Central Committee states that the task of 
the Party in the field of the development of grain 
farming has been accomplished beyond the expected 
objective. The Grain Trust has sufficient seed for 
12,500,000 acres. This means a yield of about 
120,000,000 bushels instead of 80,000,000 bushels as in 
1930. 

2. The Bolshevik tempo of the Grain Trust in the 
work of creating large flour mills should this year be 
turned in the direction of raising the qualitative indices 
in the People’s Commissariat af Agriculture. 

3. Measures to raise such qualitative indices in 
1931, as proposed by the People’s Commissariat of 
Agriculture of the USSR and the Grain Trust, will 
be given complete approval. 

(a) To raise the yield in both new and old state 
farms by 20 per cent from that of last year by 
employing proper agricultural methods and decreasing 
losses during harvest. 

(b) To increase tractor work hours from 2,300 
to 2,500. 

(c) To cut down costs by at least 20 per cent. 

4. Consideration must be given to the transporta- 
tion difficulties arising from the 150,000,000 bushel 
increase collected by the Grain Trust in 1931 
(35,000,000 bushels from that is to be seved for seeding 
in 1932) and arrangements made with the People’s 
Commissariat of Transportation and the Trans- 
portation Association for a quick delivery of grain, 
from the fields to the railroad stations, 


344 





- " we 


3 2 
x pos den E. 
мао наме em VA Jte 
Bil frrg gn ee Kane, Murar 
2р0) 7 it paren es Сута, ett 











| | 
e t. $ hi bog genu 
Magiek “f 5 4; т л теран 


ра 















LAS xo 
T da. 24 K 
; ла py d imicin ei к, canet |] 
i 

yt do tee pee ped en ЕЙ i 
риод ant tiai Поет oy. 
Deo ype о teet 
un d à ed d gen ZH n n ля 
рона Tr paw pio É Серена up 
tale ence! | zh ener, bes 
fere Repente Yo 7 
ése LT dein 





























Tho de-kurkullsed are given poorest land 


345 


5. Experience shows that state grain farms have 
a great influence on collectivization, for they convince 
the farmers of the advantage of large farms and helps 
to introduce new agricultural methods to collective 
farms located in grain-producing districts. 

Agreements must be made with collective farms 
in the forthcoming year whereby they will be given 
all possible aid. 

(Visti, January 10, 1931). 


P. LYKHO 


ESYIMATING THE YIELD AND MAKING 
THE GRAIN-COLLECTING PLANS 


in the spring of 1934 I occupied the position of general 
accountant in the Chornous Machine Tractor Station, in the 
Kharkiw region. In my work I had the opportunity of seeing 
the records of the yield in collective farms in 1932 and 1933, kept 
by tne District Commissions. 

а пеѕе Commissions were made up of: tne Head of the 
District Executive Committee, the Manager of the District 
Land Committee, the superintendent of the grain collecting 
plan, the Director of the Machine Tractor Station, the senior 
agriculturalist of the District Land Committee and the head of 
the collective farm in question. 

The commission studied the grain fields two or three weeks 
before harvest and marked down the possible yield per acre. 
These estimates were later revised after experimental threshing 
of grain with flails or sometimes combines, but nevertheless 
they were usually merely guesses. On the basis of these 
estimates the agriculturalist then calculated the over-all yield 
on the collective farm's fields. 

During my subsequent long years of work in the Machine- 
Tractor Station I never once knew the estimates of the District 
Commission to coincide with the actual yield of any given 
collective farm, for they were always exaggerated. For this 
reason I was very much surprised that the Regional Commi- 
ssions, whose duty it was to approve and correct the reports of 
the District Commissions, rarely made corrections in the 
direction of a decrease in the figures but, on the contrary, 
always increased them. 

Actually the work of these Commissions was nothing more 


346 


than a pretence, and the shares alloted the Machine-Tractor 
Stations for their work were derived from some other figures 
and pians which were unknown even to the Commissions. 

taking into account the figures prepared by the Chornous 
District Commission for 1932 and the actual yield of the 
collective farms in the district I had to declare a wide gap, the 
over-balance being on the estimate figures. All district and 
regional directors knew of this. 

Consequently, to meet the demand of the grain collecting 
plan and the Machine-Tractor Station share the collective farms 
turned in all their 1932 harvest and on January 1, 1933, were 
still 4,000 hundredweights in arrears. 

This default, which was later termed a топеу value of 
21,000 rubles, stayed on the balance sheet of the Machine- 
Tractor Station until 1934, when it was stricken off in place of 
the regular running expenses and was later covered by govern- 
ment funds. 

Moreover, government reports for 1932 showed that all 
grain-collecting plans and crop shares for the Machine-Tractor 
Stations were fully completed throughout Ukraine. This was 
quite untrue, but was useful for external propaganda. 

Taking full responsibility for my words I can safely state 
that the calculations for the grain-collecting plans and crop 
shares for Machine-Tractor Stations, which were demanded 
from Ukrainian collective farms, were made not according to the 
gross yield but maliciously, as a penalty for the Ukrainian 
farmers’ resistance to collectivization. 


H. SOVA 


GRAIN COLLECTING DIRECTIVES WORKED OUT 
“SCIENTIFICALLY” 

In every district, until 1927, the agriculturalists set the 
grain and forage balances. Cross production was calculated on 
the basis of statistical observations of the growth of grain and 
on the actual threshing. This method was scientifically worked 
out, and the answer represented the gross yield in a given 
district, region or republic. 

With the beginning of collectivization, and the extortionate 
grain-collecting plans, the ultimate gross yield was arrived at 
through sheer guess work and passed on as scientifically worked 
out directives. 


347 


For example, in 1931 the gross yield of the eight most 
important crops, spring and fall wheat and rye, oats, barley, 
buckwheat, miilet and corn, was 20,000 tons in a certain district, 
according to calculations by agriculturalists. However, from 
regional headquarters in Poltava a plan was formulated for 
30,000 tons. I was asked by the head of the District Executive 
Committee to make a formal protest which he signed. 

After some time we received an explanation, stating that we 
had omitted from our plan the surplus that the farmers should 
have from other years. 

As a matter of fact, the farmers had no surplus because 
the grain-collecting plan for the previous year had called for all 
the grain they had, all the surplus they did not have and even 
cut into the allotment originally allowed for the farmers' family 
needs and the fodder for livestock. The regional plan had been 
deliberately exaggerated to legalize the robbery of the farmers. 


THE GRAIN COLLECTING PLAN FOR 1931-32 
NOT FEASIBLE 


In the Zinkiwka region the kurkuls who 
penetrated into collective farms are using sabotage. 
In the village of Stupka the head and the secretary of 
the local Party center not only do not exert any 
pressure upon the kurkuls, but are themselves 
repeating the kurkul refrain that the grain- 
collecting plan is not feasible. 

In the village of Valsiwka the plan has been 
completed only 50 per cent, although threshing was 
completed two weeks ago. 

In the villages of Budyshcha, Piryk and Pav- 
liwka it has been discovered that kurkuls are 
burying their grain. 

The head of the Molotov village Soviet, Butakov, 
and the District Executive Committee representative, 
put no pressure on the kurkuls in spite of the 
fact that they gave only 50 per cent of their assigned 
quotas of grain. 

Only by a stubborn struggle with the class enemy 
and by severe prosecution of the instigators of kur- 
kul sabotage in the Zinkiwka region can the grain- 


collecting plan be brought through to completion. 

(Visti, October 10, 1931). 

In the last five days the plan in Smilyank. 
district was 1.8 per cont accomplished. The collectiv. 
farms completed 2 per cent of the plan, the individu. 
farmers have given nothing, and the kurkuls and 
other well-to-do brought in 3 per cent. 

Instead of stepping up the grain-collecting plan 
even the past tempo has decreased. No excuse 
whatever can be offered for the failure of the indivi- 
dual farmers to bring in even a pound of grain. 

(Visti, October 18, 1931). 


IMPRACTICABLE GRAIN-COLLECTING 
PLANS COLLAPSE 


In places where the grain-collecting plan is 
allowed to drift the grain flows into the kurkul 
pits. 

In the Mykolayiwka district, Mariupol region, 
where complete collectivization is in effect, only 20 
per cent has been received in the grain-collecting plan. 
Many collective farms tend to reserve too much grain 
for home consumption, complaining at the same time 
that the plan is impracticable, and that the district 
organizations are wholly indifferent to this fact. 

Even such extreme cases as stealing from the 
threshing machine or hiding grain in the straw were 
ignored. 

The kurkuls are putting up a dogged re- 
sistence to the grain-collecting plan. In the village 
of Khomutiwka 20 kurkul grain pits were dis- 
covered, containing about 250 hundredweights of grain, 
and throughout the whole district 69 such pits were 
found. The kurkuls are helped by henchmen 
from the collective farms and sometimes even by 
members of the Party. 

In the Artemiw region 83.5 per cent of the plan 
was completed by November 10, only 40.9 per cent 
from individual farmers. The main reason for this 
drop is the opportunist, kurkul policy of the 
directors in the village Soviets and collective farms. 


349 


350 


In the Mariupol region there is evidence that 
many collective farms sell their grain illegally. In 
the collective farm “Red Farmer" 83 hundredweights 
of grain were sold in this manner and in "Soviet 
Ukraine" 65 hundredweights. There are also cases 
of collective farms getting rid of all the grain, leaving 
none for seed. 

These excesses definitely cannot be overlooked. 

(Visti, November 15, 1931). 


IMPOSSIBLE GRAIN-COLLECTING PLAN 
COLLAPSES 


The grain-collecting plans are in a bad state. In 
nine districts 60 per cent of the plans remain to be 
fulfilled. 

In many districts in Ukraine the plans fell short 
by 20 to 21 per cent despite the fact that the dead-line 
has been extended. 

The most backward districts are: 
Baryshpil — 52.3 per cent. 
Pulyn — 50.7 per cent. 

Tetiev — 57.9 per cent. 
Kryzhopil — 59.7 per cent. 
Obodiwka — 58.3 per cent. 
Baranske — 58.9 per cent. 
Orzhytsya — 56.9 per cent. 
Tulchyn — 58.3 per cent. 
Staro-Saltiwka — 59.6 per cent. 

Several scores of villages have completed their 
plans up to 60 or 70 per cent. 

Special brigades have been organized to be sent 
from one district to another to assist with the grain 
collecting plans. 

The brigade from Tytriw, where it was exception- 
ally successful, was sent by Matusevych, head of the 
District Party Committee, to the village of Pyatkiwka, 
Bershadsk district. 

In the village of Voytiwka, in the same district, 
where 5,000 hundredweights of grain still remain to 
be collected grain-collecting is exclusively in the 
hands of the brigade. 


In the village of Krasnosilka, Haysyn district, 
the secretary of the Party center met the brigade on 
arrival from the Vynnytsya district and assigned to 
it the whole task of grain collecting. 

In the village of Novo-Pawlivka the brigade did 
magnificent work in the grain collecting plan. 

(Butshenko, Visti, February 2, 1932) 


HOW A RED PARTISAN WAS ROBBED 
BY THE GOVERNMENT 


From the time I was a young boy I worked for 
other farmers. Later, I worked in the chemical plant 
in Konstantyniwka and joined the partisan forces in 
1919. In 1920 I settled in the village of Bilyk, Koby- 
lyaky region, where I was alloted twelve acres of land 
which I farmed myself. 

I became a so-called middle farmer. I paid my 
taxes and was never exposed to repressive measures. 

Last year, according to contract, I had to turn in 
120 bushels of surplus grain but because, on the orders 
of the head of the village Soviet, Lebedenko, my whole 
crop was taken while still in sheaf, I did not have a 
single bushel left. According to information from 
the collective farm "Red Ukraine," which took my 
grain, the amount my grain produced was 270 bushels 
of rye and 75 bushels of spring wheat. I was allowed 
nothing for my own consumption or for seed. 

I sent a complaint about the compulsory 
expropriation of the grain to the Kobylyaky regional 
prosecutor, but so far I have received no reply. 

Please take steps to look into my complaint and 
return my land to me. 

(Visti, August 8, 1932). 


PARTY'S FAITH NOT JUSTIFIED 


(Resolution of the Central Committee of the Commu- 
nist Party of Ukraine). 

The Central Committee representatives who 
supervised the grain collecting plans and have not 
executed their duties nor justified the Party's faith in 
them, are being recalled from the districts. 


351 





es CS 


A дога ` ofmpar stati vett 


д бах а, CMM 
fs zi c (oer ил, «o вотушадя до Feta mote сну, 





t 
4 





1,22 LL, a mana иірчука, ne a 
P o оз tonna реж Бере aver ue) 





костя HOD LIS Ir axe "ато ja, соля 
оле mia P» вон ры be xi 
rias до 2.000 rg 


dunon тако sage ne Loge nordon 





1, From the Blyznyukiv District — T. Zimnyukov. 


Е | 
a2 $ 
SE E 
o 8 о 
БЕ Р 3 
á 5 iov» Го, 
lee tror dpe sears iv E 
213 А еу 1 
BLA $ ao panitune pepe ERA Basal pas oi ape Ё 
23| ЕН ОАО dO o È 
A Е дтдъностн, 7 
RENT í Зачальняку Mligil opmóDo npoorexifa sa aaxomunm moro p. S 
559 зпорадчоння Я про наелідкӣ свого контролю за цам monosiem sepi S 
Er g сокально Голову POO Mm OIX OM) « E 
$6253 S 5 Головам сільрад до 23/ 1-21 року тек повідомити. А 
$28 К xcd Es etate t laria paliar cerita Pa Ae 
azm SQ A - k l 
ads ? Posoda Passio НКО / iu TT / E 
es gerep/r APXIZA/ o Y 
x Opar laanou a p аа ом pn 
M | Tex. Cexporep Pis*y/u.3 o p e 1977 





352 


B. A. 


5. Troyitske — Kornyatko. 

6. Baransk — Buryakov. 

7. Dobrovelychkiwka — Lazoryshak. 
8. Orativ — Shmatov. 

9. Plyske — Hryz. 

10. Petriwka — Holstein. 

11. Teplyk — Onishchepa. 

12. Zinovievsk — Katel. 

Twenty-two experienced Party workers were 
sent to the backward villages. These villages are: 
Artilne — completed 74 per cent of the grain collecting 
plan, Krasno-Pavliwka — 80 per cent, Rizdvyane — 
73 per cent. 

Tkachenko, head of the Artilne village Soviet, is 
to be expelled from the Party for the collapse of the 
grain collecting plan. 

The collective farms and village Soviets in the 
Kremenchug region have promised to complete the 
forthcoming plan as a tribute to the 3rd session of the 
Ukrainian Supreme Soviet. 

In Velyko-Tereshkiwka village Soviet shock 
brigades have been organized, who are doing great 
work in the village. 

In the village of Dmytriwka ten such brigades 
have been organized. 

We must assist the collective farms to complete 
their grain collecting plans by collecting the grain 
from the poor and middle individual farmers. 

The Central Committee declares the month of 
January to be the shock action month of the grain- 
collecting plans in Ukraine. 

(Visti, January 1, 1932). 


THEY SEIZED ALL THE GRAIN THEN SEARCHED 


FOR MORE 


The chief cause of the famine was the so-called grain- 


collecting plans, conducted with the slogan, “surplus grain for 
the state." In the villages of the Drabiw district, in the Poltava 
region, these plans were carried out in the following manner. 


The directives from the Party center were to divide the 


353 


villages into small divisions. Every division was visited daily 
by special shock brigades who speeded up the grain-collecting 
plans. These brigades consisted of the following persons: one 
member from the presidium of the village Soviet, or simply any 
member from the village Soviet; two or three Komsomols; one 
Communist, and the local schoolteacher. Sometimes the head 
or another member from the co-operative administration was 
included and, during summer vacations, several students. 

Every brigade had a so-called “specialist” for searching 
out grain. He was equipped with a long iron crow-bar with 
which he probed for hidden grain. 

The brigade went from house to house. At first they 
entered homes and asked, “How much grain have you got for 
the government?” “I haven’t any. If you don’t believe me 
search for yourselves,” was the usual laconic answer. 

And so the “search” began. They searched in the house, 
in the attic, shed, pantry and the cellar. Then they went outside 
and searched in the barn, pig pen, granary and the straw pile. 
They measured the oven and calculated if it was large enough 
to hold hidden grain behind the brickwork. They broke beams 
in the attic, pounded on the floor of the house, tramped the 
whole yard and garden. If they found a suspicious-looking spot, 
in went the crow-bar. 

In 1931 there were still a few instances of hidden grain 
being discovered, usually about 100 pounds, sometimes 200. In 
1932, however, there was none. The most that could be found, 
was about 10 to 20 pounds of scarehnings from grain which were 
kept for chicken feed. Even this “surplus” was taken away. 


M. INHULETS 


THE AFFAIR IN ZHOVTA 

In the winter of 1932 PRAVDA published an article about 
the crimes of the grain-collecting commission perpetrated in the 
village of Zhovta, Pyatykhatsk district, Dniepropetrovsk region. 

In the early spring of the same year the visiting assizes 
of the Dniepropetrovsk Regional Court came to the village. 
Those brought fro trial were: Lyabunov, representative of the 
Pyatykhatsk Party Committee, also head of the Pyatykhatsk 
District Committee of Professional Unions; Marko Shulika, 
secretary of the Zhovta Party Committee; and ten members of 
the grain-collecting brigade. 


354 


At the trial, of which I was a spectator, it was decided that 
the accused had been guilty of undue brutality during the grain-' 
collecting. The farmers were exacted such huge quantities of 
grain that they could not fulfill even one-tenth of the amount. 
The members of the commission, headed by Lyabunov, broke 
into farmers’ homes, took everything they could lay their hands 
on, smashed the brick ovens, drove the half-clad families out, 
including the children, then nailed the doors and windows amid 
the cries of the victimized people and coldly proceeded to the 
next house. 

One witness related how, when he was returning home 
from the market, he met the members of the commission on the 
road and they stripped off his clothes and shoes before letting 
him go. When he arrived home he found his house destroyed 
and his family weeping and crying outside. There were dozens 
of families in the village who had suffered in the same manner. 

The members of the commission were sentenced to prison 
terms ranging from two to seven years. The secretary got two 
years, and Lyabunov received one year of forced labor to hc 
spent at his own profession. He served his “sentence” heading 
the miners' committee of the Professional Union in the Shwartz 
mine of the Kryvy Rih iron ore basin. And so the "sword of 
proletarian justice" punished the key figure in the destruction 
of farmers in the village of Zhovta. 

When the grain-collecting plans were completed in all 
the regions of Ukraine, the government did not relax its drive 
for every kernel it could get. Different villages and collective 
farms were asked to meet additional, voluntary plans, which 
were to appear locally initiated. The whole Soviet press was 
engaged in these campaigns and served as the "eyes" of the 
government. 


SUPPLEMENTARY GRAIN-COLLECTING 
PLANS 


The Poltava district has offered a supplementary 
plan for 25,000 hundredweights of grain and will 
complete it by January 15. 

Several collective farms in Novomytskiw, Kurov- 
chanka and other villages have resolved to complete 
their supplementary grain-collecting plans before the 
deadline of January 15. 


355 


356 


Collective farms in the Oleksiyiwka district are 
calling upon the neighboring villages for advance 
fulfillment of the supplementary plans. 

The collective farm in the village of Karayiw, 
having fulfilled its supplementary plan of 400 hundred- 
weights grain, has come forward with an additional 
plan for 162 hundredweights. 

In the village of Horodok the collective farm has 
fulfilled its plans 110 per cent, and is now completing 
an additional plan. 

Тре collective farm in the village of Varivets had 
undertaken to complete a supplementary plan for 280 
hundredweights of grain and brought in 345 hundred- 
weights instead. It has now promised an additional 
plan for 116 hundredweights. 

The Cherepiwka collective farm in the Proskuriw 
district has also advanced a supplementary grain 
collecting plan. 

(Visti, January 6, 1932) 

In Chervonohrad the expanded Plenum of the 
village active, the village Party organizations, 
heads of the village Soviets and heads of the collective 
farms has advanced a supplementary plan for 90,000 
hundredweights of grain. 

(Visti, January 6, 1932). 


STEPPING UP GRAIN-COLLECTING PLANS 

The Hrytsiw district newspaper, “Socialist Life,” 
has organized a special shock-action village reporte: 
staff who will speed up the completion of the gı 
collecting plan among the individual farmers and plan- 
evaders of the district. 

The staff directs the operation by adding an extra 
page to the newspaper entitled "Storm," and this is 
circulated in four villages. The staff has found grain 
in Bilopil, kept back from the plan by the kurkuls. 

Poshtaryk, head of the village Soviet in Kapustyn, 
works hand in hand with the kurkuls. He helps 
them ta sell their grain and given these plan-evaders 
a certificate for milling. 





The "Storm" brigade has found hidden grain in 
the villages of Kosliw, Poniw, Bilonda and others. 
(Visti, January 3, 1932). 





An old invalid deprived of franchise 


357, 


VILLAGE REPORTERS' DRIVES AID GRAIN 
COLLECTING PLANS 


Zmiyiw. Editors of the district newspaper 
"Zmiyiw Pravda" have joined the reporters' drive to 
help complete the grain-collecting plans, and have sent 
40 reporter shock-workers to the villages. In addition 
6 shock brigades were dispatched to the slow villages. 

Konotop. The district newspaper has joincd 
the reporters' shock action drive. Six inter-village 
shock brigades and eleven reporters’ brigades have 
been organized and dispatched to the villages. 

Sumy. The district newspaper has organized 
inter-village reporters’ shock brigades to help the 
backward villages. 

Shepetiwka. The editors of the newspaper 
“Shepetovka Pathway” organized ten shock brigades 
and sent them to the villages. The reporters’ drive for 
the completion of the grain-collecting plan is under 
way. : 
Baryshpol The district paper "Collectivi- 

zation Flag" has joined the reports' shock-action drivc. 
Six brigades were sent to backward villages. 

Cervonohrad. Five reporters' brigades were 
organized and sent to the villages. 

Nikopil Reporters’ brigades have been or- 
ganized to go to the villages to supervise grain 
collecting. 

(Visti. January 16, 1932). 

The seeding campaigns were no less significant than the 
grain-collecting plans. The chief aim was to seed all possible 
fields by any means and methods imaginable. 

Minor plans, such as what acreage was to be planted under 
what crops and other small details were made by the Ukrainian 
government centers for the regions, districts and villages. Plans 
for the whole of Ukraine were madc in Moscow. 

The fall seeding was conducted on the whole without great 
difficulty because it was over before the grain-collecting plans 
for the harvested crops had been completed. The spring seeding 
was always carried on under heavy strain. There was never 
enough seed, and about mid-winter the seed-collecting campaigns 


358 


began. They were conducted in much the same manner as the 
grain-collecting campaigns. The seed campaign of 1930 went 
through without too much trouble, the 1931 campaign met with 
greater difficulty and in 1932 it was worst of all. 

The campaign usually began with a stream of orders and 
instructions from central headquarters. Special ten-day drives 
were declared, special investigation brigades mobilized, agri- 
culturalists summoned and agricultural students called to help. 
Tractors were overhauled and “saboteurs” prosecuted. Horses 
were mobilized and farmers accused of destroying them were 
prosecuted for the shortage. Special competitions were 
announced for the fastest preparation for, and completion of, the 
spring seeding. 

Despite all such measures and counter-measures of th 
Soviet government spring seeding was always a trying, laborious 
task. In the spring of 1932 it was almost left uncompleted. On 
May 20, when all seeding in Ukraine should have been finished, 
the campaign was only 50 to 60 per cent achieved. 


PLANS FOR 1932 SPRING SEEDING 


(From the resolution of the Council of People's 
Commissars of the USSR). 

Seed collecting must be completed in collective 
farms by March 10. (Slogan). 

1. The seeded area of spring grain for 1932 is to 
be set at 47,000,000 acres. 5,500,000 acres are to be 
seed by the state farms and 41,500,000 acres by 
collective farms and individual farmers. 

2. The following grains and produce are to be 
planted in the following proportions: (1) Grain — 
25,000,000 cres. (2) Technical produce — 8,197,000 
acres. Included in the latter figure are: — sigar- 
beets — 3,271,000 acres, cotton — 50,000 acres, hemp 
500,000 acres, sunflower — 2,500,000 acres, soya 
beans — 260,000 acres, mak hor k a — 140,000 acres, 
tobacco — 26,000 acres. (3) Fodder grains — 6,870,000 
acres. For grazing — 4,894,000 acres, seed —1,300,000 
silage — 676,000 acres. 

The seeded area for the Machine-Tractor Stations 
is to be set at 18,497,000 acres. 


359 


360 


It must be kept in mind that the collective section 
of the farming industry will cover 84 to 85 per cent 
of all seeding areas. 

3. Included in the general spring seeding plan the 
vegetable plan must be set at 526,000 acres; orchards 
will be increased to 101,000 acres, strawberry and 
grape plantations to 49,000 acres. Included in these 
figures are the town orchards of 41,700 acres and 
strawberry and grape plantations of 15,000 acres. 

4. In our struggle for crops we must strive for a 
higher absurd yield. The grain yield should come to 
11 hundredweights per hectare (247 
acres); sugar beets — 200 cwt. per hectare in 
state farms and 150 cwt. in collective farms; cotton — 
4 см. per hectare and sunflower seed — 7.2 cwt. 
per hectare. 

Responsibility for the work must be undertaken by 
the brigades, groups and individuals. All kurkul 
tendencies, such as, lack of personal responsibility, 
carelessness of work done and concealment of sur- 
plus, must be combatted. 

Head of the Council of People's Commissars — 
Chubar. 

Director of Affairs of the Council of People's 
Commissars — Lehky. 

(Visti, February 19, 1932). 


SEED SHORTAGE IN UKRAINE 


The grain collecting plan in Ukraine was 
completed on November 7, 1929, and now the nation 
is threatened with a seed shortage for next spring. 
To forestall this situation a seed-collecting campaign 
is starting in February. It will be conducted in the 
same manner as the grain-collecting campaigns. 

(Pravda, January 21, 1930). 


At the present time only 21 per cent of the 
required seed grain in Ukraine has been collected. In 
the Bila Tserkva region so far only one-third of the 
required amount of seed has been collected. The 
grain is in poor condition, containing weeds and hull. 
In the Odessa region the following amounts of seed 


grain have been collected in such districts as, 
Fridrikho-Engels — 30 per cent, Blahoyev — 7 per 
cent, Chervonopovstansk — 11 per cent, Hrosuliw — 
15 per cent, Shevchenkiw — 14 per cent. 

The February 10 issue of PRAVDA wrote: "The 
administration of the seed-collecting campaign has 
stated that in Ukraine only 47 per cent of seed reserve 
has been mobilized. For this poor showing the 
following were reprimanded: The People’s Commissar 
of Agriculture of the AMSSR, and the Directors of 
Regional Departments of Agriculture in the Regions 
of: Hlukhiwka, Korostenka, Chernyhiw, Uman, Ku- 
pyaniwka, Artemiw, Lubni, Nizhyn, Poltava, Dnie- 
propetrovsk, Luhansk, Mariupol, Nikopol, and Kher- 
son.” 


б Not until the end of February was the whole re- 
quired amount collected. 
(Pravda, February 27, 1930). 


ALL THE GRAIN SEIZED, NONE LEFT 
FOR SEED 


Collection of seed grain must be stepped up con- 
siderably. The government objective to have all the 
required seed collected by March 10 has not been 
reached. 

The progress of the mobilization of seed grain 
is entirely unsatisfactory. According to figures of the 
People's Commissariat of Agriculture on March 10 
the collective farms in Ukraine had only 55.2 per cent 
of the needed seed grai 

The worst situation is in the Odessa region where 
only 45 per cent of the seed-collecting plan has been 
completed and the increase in the latest ten-day drive 
is only .1 per cent. 

The districts in the Kharkiw region have com- 
pleted 48.2 per cent of their objective, and the increase 
for the last five-day drive is 2.4 per cent. 

The collective farms in the Kiev region have com- 
pleted their plans by 57.6 per cent, with a subsequent 
increase of 5 per cent. In Donbas 60.8 per cent of the 
seed has been collected with an additional increase of 





361 


362 


3.1 per cent; in Vynnytsya 70.5 per cent, with an in- 
crease of 1.7 per cent; in Dniepropetrovsk 44.3 per 
cent, an increase of .1 per cent; in Moldavia 78.1 per 
cent, an increase of 4.4 per cent. 

The seed collecting plan in Ukraine is 38.5 per 
cent completed for wheat; 50.9 per cent for barley. 

(Radio Telegraph Agency of Ukraine) 

(Visti, March 19, 1932) 


THE RACE IN PREPARATION FOR 
SPRING SEEDING 


(From a resolution of the Ukrainian Central Execu- 
tive Committee and the Council of People's Commis- 
sars of the Ukrainian SSR). 

The survivals of the socially hostile elements, the 
kurkuls, and their henchmen in the towns are try- 
ing to hamper the Communist preparations for the 
spring seeding. 

In many districts and villages, in state farms, Ma- 
chine Tractor Stations and collective farms this prep- 
aration is far from satisfactory. 

1. Proper steps were not taken to collect the seed 
reserve, and not all state and collective farms have 
cleaned their seed and grain. 

2. Tractors and farm machinery have not been 
overhauled and tractor fuel has not been provided. 

3. Horses are not in fit shape for heavy spring 
work and insufficient feed is provided for them. 

4. In many state and collective farms seeding 
brigades have not been fully organized. They have 
not been assigned their divisions of land, nor have they 
been equipped with machinery. Some brigades do not 
yet know their assigned tasks. 

5. The individual farmers are lagging behind 
schedule in seeding preparations. 

6. Planting preparations in the sugar-beet dis- 
tricts have been badly neglected. 

The Presidium of the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet 
and the Council of People's Commissars resolve: 

1. To conduct a special ten-day drive from April 


3 to April 10 for speeding up spring seeding prepara- 
tions. 

2. To place the responsibility for the ten-day 
drive on the village Soviets who, with the aid of col- 
lective farm administration, must launch the drive im- 
mediately and intensively having organized special 
investigation brigades to help them. 

3. The District Executives and the town Soviets 
are to have the complete management of the ten-day 
drives. 

Head of the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet—Petrov- 
sky. 

Head of the Council of People's Commissars— 
Chubar. 

Secretary of the Ukrainian Central Executive 
Committee—Voytsekhovsky. 

(Visti, March 27, 1932) 


AGRICULTURALISTS ARE MOBILIZED 


In its seeding campaign the Kiev region depends 
on agriculturalists to a great extent. About 300 agri- 
culturalists have been mobilized throughout the re 
gion, together with several hundred agricultural stu- 
dents. Although all Kiev agriculturalists have been 
mobilized for the seeding campaign, some of them 
readily desert their positions. 

Many establishments consider their agricultur- 
alists indispensable and will not permit them to leave. 
Representatives of the mobilization trio, and instruc- 
tors of farm work are visiting the districts and check- 
ing on the mobilization, 

According to information from Kharkiw, the cen- 
tral mobilization commission from the Ukrainian Peo- 
ple’s Commissariat of Agriculture is getting special- 
ists ready in quick order. In the Kharkiw establish 
ments 199 specialists have been mobilized, which is 
80 per cent of the general total. The shortage is ex- 
plained by the fact that many organizations have a 
pressing need for specialists in their preparations for 
the spring seeding. 

The mobilized specialists have been sent to dif- 


363 


ferent districts for work in the collective farms. Mob- 
ilization was completed on March 4th, and by the 6th 
all had departed for their destinations. 

(Pravda, March 14, 1930) 


"SABOTEURS" 


In February, 1933, the entire general administration of the 
Polyvyanka Machine Tractor Station was arrested, as in тапу 
other places of the Salsk steppes in the Rostov region. The di- 
rector, agriculturalists, bookkeepers, mechanics, technicians and 
collective farm administration were arrested. They were tried 
by the visiting assizes of the Regional Court from Rostov. 

Their indictment was "sabotage," which was revealed to 
be in the form of failure to have the tractors and farm machinery 
in shape for the spring seeding and because the oxen and horses 
were too thin and weak for heavy work. 

Actually the reason for those shortcomings was that abso- 
lutely no-spare parts were available for repairs. The forges 
were unable to secure any fuel, no iron or even wood, with 
which to make replacements in machinery. ` All efforts by the 
Machine Tractor Stations and collective farm administration 
to get any of the needed material were fruitless. There was 
nothing to be had. 

Just the same the whole group was found guilty of mali- 
cious sabotage, and sentenced to one year’s imprisonment. The 
chief mechanic received three years imprisonment. It was clear- 
ly evident at the trial that the whole party was innocent and, 
perhaps out of consideration for this, they were permitted to 
serve their sentences at their usual work, receiving only half 
the pay. 

Such trials and indictments for “sabotage” were common 
in the whole northern part of the Caucasus and in the Rostov 
region. 


HORSES PROTECTED BY SOVIET LAW 


(Changes in the Criminal Code of Ukraine, 1927 « 
lection, No. 26, Article 13). 

1. Article No. 75.2 of the Criminal Code of Uk- 
raine is to be approved in the following wording: 


364 


weaimnes 7. баан И з 
p heu 

Hans. dco qnd B 
P. . 8/18 qu msuüródn mwüoxacunaos OMEjSOU 
2:13 wedezoéw #020003 gigeesvoo wuwioYoacd; nonus venedusted 4399 
quodiwow ину 01 яз а9вт5и * Уобткзо вязку расу. кчо бэй uoatonsz 
I emmvadmdos.Aioraón woes хобозоди tmeden AWcakcr auixodey wena 
wuvwnouna weed) aver ongedou ondditou ods davauix иво apoogve 
z8XuU-gv2uáe d»jua ejhviiD'snt suduged expodeden vwaesarársdzen om 
заема чатаротирука пыребвбел esennséeguns за Злолиба 


} \ ^ А 
© dandy sid Жчбзьәка кора md agaw [dug wamuf- с 
x 3 "mivasors Sis СЯ ioa | 











ў 





Вап on the private manufacture of sun-flower-se 





n 





365 


366 


For unlawful slaughtering of livestock and horses, 
and for intentionally injuring livestock and horses, 
or for other premeditated actions which bring about 
the disability of draught animals and for instigating 
others to such crimes, the kurkuls and private 
buyers are to be imprisoned for terms ranging from 
one to two years, with or without banishment from 
their places of residence. 

2. Article No. 75.2a of the Criminal Code of Uk- 
raine is to be approved in the following wording: 

For unlawful (i. e. without obtaining a special per- 
mit from the veterinary) killing of horses in socialized 
establishments (state and collective farms, Machine 
Tractor Stations and others) and for intentional in- 
jury of the horses a one-year prison term is to be 
imposed. 

For criminal neglect of the animals a six-month 
term of forced labor is to be imposed. 

If criminal neglect of animals is systematic, or 
causes serious loss of horses, a three-year prison term 
is to be imposed. 

This resolution is passed on the basis of the res- 
olution passed by the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet and 
the Council of People's Commissars on December 12, 
1931. 

Petrovsky—Head of the Ukrainian Central Ex- 
ecutive Committee. 

Serbychenko—Deputy-Chief of the Council of 
People's Commissars. 

Vasylenko—Secretary of the Ukrainian Central 
Executive Committee. 


CONTESTS AND COMMITTEES 


(From a resolution of the Central Committee of the 
Communist Party of Ukraine regarding contests and 
competitions). 

To declare the need for the small newspapers of 
the collective, state farm and Machine Tractor Sta- 
tions for such farm contests as the preparation for 
seeding as well as for the seeding operation itself. 

Reconstruction of the management of the contests 


is to be assigned to the regional newspapers, and the 
actual operation is to be in the hands of the district 
newspapers. The central newspapers are to help in 
this work. 

The creation and existence of the village report- 
ers' brigades on the small newspapers must be as- 
sured. 

(Visti, March 3, 1932 


COLLAPSE OF THE SPRING SEEDING 
PLAN OF 1932 


According to the report of the People's Commis- 
sariat of Agriculture the amount of seeding completed 
on May 20 was only 20,037,000 acres, or 42.4 per cent 
of the plan. On May 15 only 35.5 per cent of the 
planned area had been seeded. 

In the Dniepropetrovsk region 59.6 per cent of 
seeding plan completed; the early grains 79.2 per 
cent. 

In the Kharkiw region—44.9 per cent; early 
grains—61.4 per cent. 

In the Vynnytsya region—33.9 per cent; early 
grains—55.7 per cent. 

In the Odessa region—49.5 per cent; early grains 
— 87.4 per cent. 

In the Kiev region—23.1 per cent; early grains— 
39.4 per cent. 

In the Moldavian SSR—32.9 per cent; early 
grains 82.7 per cent. 

In the Donets Basin—48.6 per cent; early grains 
82.7 per cent. 

The general plan in Ukraine has been completed 
at the following rate for the different grains and pro- 
duce: 

Wheat—61 per cent. 

Barley — 78.1 per cent. 

Oats — 59 per cent. 

Sugar-beets — 30.2 per cent. 

Ensilage — 45.1 per cent 

Soya beans — 19.7 per cent. 

Cotton — 74.2 per cent. 


367 


Hemp — 6.3 per cent. 

Flax — 20.9 per cent. 

Corn — 30 per cent. 

Hay — 31.8 per cent. 

Potatoes — 25.3 per cent. 

Vegetables — 26 per cent. 

Seeding must proceed with shock action. Leftist 
deprecation by individual farmers must be mercilessly 
crushed. 

(Visti, May 20, 1932) 

Production brigades, the most vital link in col- 
lective farm production, must be strengthened. A sim- 
ple method of piece-work must be devised. Recording 
of the collective farmers’ work must be improved. 
Work days depend on the amount and quality of the 
actual work done. These are the pressing problems 
faced by the collective farm brigades. 

(Visti, May 30, 1932) 


Third in importance among the political campaigns of the 
Soviet government was the financial campaign. This entailed 
the collection of farm taxes in cash, and the collection of debts. 
For execution of these financial plans the government recom- 
mended the creation of special commissions—brigades. 

At that time the government had ceased to maintain the 
village schools and other village educational institutions, such 
as community centers and others, out of its budget. It sup- 
ported only high schools, which were the so-called regional 
schools. Therefore, the village schools were financed through 
а special educational-cultural tax collected from the 
which amounted to fifty per cent of the regular farm tax, and 
was levied differentially with the so-called class approach. 

The financial campaign also took in the government loan 
drives. These were usually completed within a few days and 
the farmers, especially the ku r k u 1s, had to subscribe to these 
loans in cash. 

The campaign handled the mobilization of “free” cash of 
the farmers for deposits in the savings treasuries, 

The farmers had no money at that time. They received 
only minimum pay in the collective farms, a wage which was 
never used for personal necessities, such as clothing, shoes or 
household needs, but which went to pay the government taxes. 


368 


However, even this was not enough. It was necessary to sell 
some of the produce, sorely needed for the family's consump- 
tion, such as milk, butter, eggs, fruit and vegetables, in order to 
raise the required tax money. 

It was a little easier for those families having a member 
working in some industry or establishment, for ready cash was 
then available to meet the tax demands. 

We present here an example of how the workers and office 
workers were paid, and the circumstances of the currency in 
the state banks. 


UKRAINIAN CENTRAL EXECUTIVE 
COMMITTEE RECOMMENDS THE 
CREATION OF ROBBING BRIGADES. 


(Resolution of the Ukrainian Central Executive Com- 
mittee, passed February 2, regarding М. Zodolaziv- 
sky's report on the mobilization of funds). 

For inexcusable inactivity in the organization of 
the funds-collecting plan in the first quarter of 1931 
N. Zodolazivsky, of the District Executive Committee, 
is to be severely censured. The District Executive 
Committee, with the collective responsibility of the 
head and the whole presidium, must immediately begin 
an extensive drive for the mobilization of funds, and 
have the task completed within the shortest possible 
time. Therefore: 

1. The quarterly plan must immediately be car- 
ried to the village Soviet. 

2. Through the village Soviet the funds-collect- 
ing plan must be carried to each separate village and 
to every corner of every large village. For the prac- 
tical realization of the plan special commissions must 
be organized from among the village actives, Сот- 
mittes of Poor Farmers, Komsomols, farm laborers, 
delegates from the women's divisions, and so forth, 
under the leadership of the village Soviets and their 
financial divisions. 

7. Thekurkuls and other anti-Soviet elements 
must be foiled in their efforts to hamper the plan. The 
Ukrainian Surpreme Soviet resolution of January 25 
regarding the collection of debts from the kurkuls 


369 





370 


and other defaulters, must be enforced as soon as pos- 
sible after accounts against the kurkuls have been 
checked with the village Soviets. 

In placing the whole responsibility for the com- 
pletion of the funds-collecting plan within a specified 
period of time on the District Executive Committees, 
the Secretariat of the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet in- 
tends to include in the undertaking such organiza- 
tions as the professional unions, collective farms, 
People's Commissariat of Agriculture, Komsomol and 
public organizations. 

(Visti, February 3, 1931) 


TAX FOR CULTURAL NEEDS 

The first term has expired but the plan is only 41 
per cent complete. The culture-collecting plan must 
be fully completed by April 1. (Newspaper slogans). 

The first term expired on March 1 when, accord- 
ing to the government resolution, the villages should 
have subscribed 50 per cent of the final objective of 
the educational-cultural tax drive. However, this 
half of the plan has not been accomplished by many 
collective farms and village organizations. 

On March 1, only 41.9 per cent of the plan was 
complete. The most backward are the Odessa region 
which completed 17.5 per cent of the plan, the Kiev 
region with 20.2 per cent, Vynnytsya—22.5 per cent, 
Kharkiw—29.8 per cent, Dniepropetrovsk—32 per 
cent, Moldavia—28.8 per cent. 

The district and village organizations do not 
comprehend the importance of completing this plan 
fully and punctually. Some districts do not take proper 
steps to insure full completion of the plan among the 
kurkulfarmers. In many districts the campaign 
has not been conducted as widely and intensively as 
it should have been. 

The regional organizations should exert more 
pressure on the district organizations which seem to. 
expect the plan to be realized without mobilizing the 
masses, and without due pressure on the kurkuls. 


At all costs the plan must be completed by April 1. 
(Visti, March 9, 1932) 


SURPLUS MONEY MUST BE PLACED 
IN SAVINGS TREASURIES 


The village savings treasuries are the center of 
attention. А mass drive for the savings treasuries. 
(Newspaper slogans). 

In Ukraine the villages are lagging behind 
schedule in the mobilization of surplus funds for the 
savings treasuries. The cities and towns are up to 
67.1 per cent of the plan while the villages have barely 
reached 19.7 per cent. The over-all rate in Ukraine 
so far is only 44.2 per cent. 

All regions have very low figures. The villages 
of the Kharkiw region have completed 24.3 per cent 
of the quarterly plan, Kiev region — 17 per cent. In 
two months the Odessa region has managed to get up 
to 7 per cent, Dniepropetrovsk 6 per cent and Wynn- 
ytsya 4 per cent. 

This situation may be explained only by the fact 
that the villages are making an insufficient effort in 
the drive. This must be remedied. The district and 
village organizations must constantly keep in mind 
the necessity for continual mobilization of surplus 
money. 

Fourteen specially organized brigades are leaving 
for different points to launch a mass savings collecting 
campaign. 

(Visti, March 20, 1932) 

The following documents relating to the grain collecting 
plans tell about the collecting of multure, the grain paid in re- 
turn for milling in government flour mills. 

Farming campaigns also included sugar-beet weeding and 
the fall harvesting of this produce. This campaign was always 
enmeshed in great difficulty and agitation. 

Another campaign was the collecting of salvage which was 
essential to keep up Soviet trade abroad. 


ANOTHER APPEAL FOR MULTURE 


The multure-collecting campaign has suffered a 
shameful collapse. During the fourth five-day drive 
in March only .9 per cent of the year’s multure col- 


371 


372 


lecting plan was completed. Altogether on March 20 
46.1 per cent of the planned quota was collected. The 
farthest behind is Moldavia with only 32.7 per cent 
of the plan completed, and Odessa with 38.4 per cent. 
The leading regions are Dniepropetrovsk with 48.8 
per cent and Vynnytsya with 48.9 per cent. Not a 
single region so far has achieved 50 per cent of the 
plan. 

Like other things, multure is sold and used up 
locally but the local organizations do nothing about it. 
Here is a typical example: the manager of the state 
farm in the Troyitske district, Odessa region, sold 
around 1,700 cwt. of multure, and the courts are stall- 
ing prosecution for three months. 

The district organizations do not pay sufficient 
attention to the process of multure-collecting consid- 
ering it to be a matter of secondary importance. 

There are many cases of secret milling in closed 
mills. The collective farms very often grind grain for 
their rnernbers without collecting the usual multure. 

The collected multure is not brought to the state 
stores. 

The Regional Committees must, within ten days, 
begin an extensive inquiry into the amount of multure 
being collected by the village Soviets and arrange for 
its transportation to the grain collecting stations. 

(Visti, April 2, 1932) 


MULTURE A PART OF THE GRAIN 
COLLECTING PLAN 


All multure must be turned in on the fixed date. 
Thefts of multure must be prosecuted. (Newspaper 
slogans). 

The multure collecting plan in the Bila-Tserkva 
district has been completed only 26 per cent. In many 
mills surplus multure is not shipped. 

Many collective farms, such as, “Chul 
village of Novo-Selysche, "Shock Worker" in the vil- 
lage of Poltavske, "Shevchenko" in the Hrekinka 
village, "Commune" in the village of Ozyryane, 
"Voroshylov" in Pershotravnevy district completed 





only 30 per cent of its multure-collecting plan. 

The plan in Lozova stands at 36 per cent. 

Many collective farms have adopted kurkul 
methods of keeping multure in their granaries. 

In the Khrestyniwka district only 23.4 per cent 
of the multure was collected on December 26. There 
are signs that multure is being sold in the district. 
The collective farm "Victory" in Zayachkiw village 
has sold 114 cwt. of multure and the collective farm. 
“Teamwork” in Sebastyanivka village sold 32 cwt. of 
multure. The collective farm “Community” in Byko- 
wka has sold five tons of multure. 

In Cherkassy the multure-collecting plan calls tor 
16,000 cwt. of multure, but on January 1 only 3,900 
was collected. 

In Poltava, multure-collecting is carried on in- 
competently. For irresponsibility and a criminal at- 
titude towards the multure-collecting plan the repre- 
sentative, Sopukha, was expelled from the Party and 
dismissed from his position. 

(Visti, January 10, 1932). 


THE BEET CROP IS IN DANGER OF NOT 
BEING GATHERED IN 


The sugar refineries of Ukraine received only 40 
per cent of the sugar beet requirements. A merciless 
struggle must be waged against the selling of beets. 
The selling of beets must be stopped. (Newspaper 
slogans). 

The sugar-beet collecting plan in Ukraine is 
progressing unsatisfactorily. According to informa- 
tion of the Radio Telegraph Agency of Ukraine oaly 
61,500 tons of sugar-beets were delivered to refineries 
on November 14—40 per cent of the plan. In the 
Kharkiw Trust the plan has been 45.3 per cent com- 
pleted, in Vynnytsya 39.6 per cent and in Kiev 36.2 
per cent. 

The deplorable attitude of the combines as re- 
gards the daily report on the sugar-beet collecting 
progress must be noted. Out of 155 combines only 
63 sent in information on January 14. 


373 


374 


The artel “Molotov,” in the Konotop region, is 
feeding sugar-beets to the horses and hid thousands 
of hundredweights of them in underground store- 
rooms. 

In the Kobelyaky district hundreds of thousands 
of sugar-beets are being stolen or fed to livestock, and 
in some villages it is made into silage. 

In the collective farms “Вед Ukraine" and "Shev- 
chenko" 8 to 12 per cent of the sugar beet crop is 
left in the fields. 

Selling beets is becoming widespread in the col- 
lective farm. In the artel of the village of Teply 
Khutir beets are stolen by the wagon load. The man- 
agement of the artel has given the collective farmers 
permission to take home sugar beets in payment for 
digging them up, a wagon-load for a certain quota. 

In the Sakhnov region collective farms 10 per 
cent of the sugar beets were left in the flelds after the 
crop was taken in. Second diggings bring good re- 
sults. In the Stepaniw collective farm 14 wagon loads 
of beets were dug up in the second digging on 17 
acres of land. 

(Visti, November 15, 1931) 


CHAPTER V. 


COMPLETE COLLECTIVIZATION 


Against the background of all these campaigns, the gov- 
ernment employed drastic measures to draw in all the farmers, 
"voluntarily and compulsively", into collective farms. Re- 
grouping its forces, officially correcting its mistakes and an- 
nouncing new methods of “voluntary” collectivization, the 
Party and the government continued with the old attacks on 
the farmers, such as over-taxation and terrorism. The class war, 
de-kurkulization arrests and deporfations flourished 
unabated. 

The farmers, unable to withstand the heavy pressure, sub- 
mitted to the collectives. But there remained a certain group 
who, trying to be loyal to the Soviet government to a certain 
degree and suffering the onerous, repressive measures, still re- 
fused to be forced in. They preferred to farm individually even 
though they were allotted the poorest land. Some of them 
tried to get work in factories and other establishments. From 
a moral viewpoint they seemed to be better off than the col- 
lective farmers. 

However, they were a thorn in the side of the government 
because the collective farmers viewed them with envy, and so it 
employed against them the well-tried method of economic re- 
pression—over-taxation. АП financial campaigns were mostly 
directed to strike at this group. Soon they were completely 
tuined. They were branded with the terms kurkuls, 
under-kurkul, kurkul agents, kurkul relics and 
“enemies of the people.” 

Finally the individual farmers were forced to leave their 
farms and move to industrial towns.This suited the government 
because the villages then became completely collectivized. 

In the document below we see how the Party judged the 
collapse of the first period of its complete collectivization, the 
withdrawal of the farmers from the collective farms and Stalin's 
promises to convince the rest of the farmers of the advantages 
of collective farming. 


375 


Another document tells of government measures to force 


the farmers’ return to collectivization, such as the confiscation 
of land and machinery, banishment from the villages and pro- 
secutions, Such measures were directed against the kurkuls, 
who at that time were all those not having joined the collective 


farms. 
Subsequent documents are excerpts from the Soviet press 


about the return of the terrorized farmers to collective farms 
and the steps taken actually to force them to return. For this 
under-taking the schools, including teachers and pupils, were 
mobilized to help. 


376 


CITIZEN'S RIGHTS DENIED, 
PRODUCTS SEIZED 


(Resolution of the Ukrainian Central Executive Com- 
mittee and the Council of People's Commissars of 
Ukraine, passed March 15, 1933, regarding terms of 
agreements and contracting of farm produce). 

To liquidate the kurkul resistance in the social 
reconstruction of farming the Ukrainian Central Ex- 
ecutive Committee and the Council of People’s Com- 
missars resolves that: 

1, Farming communities must discuss the ques- 
tion of the terms of contracting farm produce at gen- 
eral meetings of those members of the community 
who have the right to vote. 

2. Commissions to assist contracting, to put the 
farm community decisions into effect, will be appoint- 
ed at the said general meetings. The commission will 
map out the order and distribution of obligations of 
the poor and middle farmers, according to contracts. 
Regulations of the commissions must be approved by 
the general meetings. 

3. The commissions will assign definite agricul- 
tural and zoo-technical tasks to the kurkuls and 
impose farm produce quotas to be fulfilled by them. 

4. Division of the obligations of the poor and 
middle farmers and the duties assigned the kurkuls 
in the farm produce contracts rnust be duly approved 
by the village Soviet. 

5. In the event that the poor and middle farmers 


fail to keep the terms of their arrangements, their 
farm produce, money or other goods provided for in 
the contracts will be seized by the village Soviets. 

6. Those kurkuls who do not carry out their 
contract terms will have their machinery and land con- 
fiscated and will be banished from their villages by the 
District Executive Committees who are given special 
authority to carry out these duties independently of 
prosecution as provided for by article No. 58 of the 
criminal code. 

This resolution is passed on the basis of the reso- 
lution of the Council of People's Commissars of the 
USSR, of February 7, 1930. 

(Visti, March 15, 1930) 


TERRORIZED FARMERS RETURN TO 
COLLECTIVE FARMS 

There are signs in the Dniepropetrovsk region of 
farmers going back into collective farms. In the vil- 
lage of Lotsmaniwka 150 poor and middle farmers 
have returned to the collective farm, 67 of whom 
brought their horses. 

After correcting the distortions and conducting а 
purge of the collective farm in the village of Kotiwka 
500 farmers enrolled. Many middle farmers are com- 
ing in. In the village of Mahdaliwka 40 of them joined, 
in Shevchenkova 36, in Zhdanov 36, in Novo-Mosko- 
vsk 140. 

(Pravda, April 7, 1930) 


In all districts information is extensively circu- 
lated explaining the resolution of the Central Com- 
mittee of the Communist Party and Stalin’s article, 
“Dizzy With Success.” This is resulting in the return 
of many farmers to the collective farms. In the Syne- 
Inykiw district a great number of the Tarmers have 
already returned. In the Vasylkiv district 78 farmers 
have come back, in Dniepropetrovsk 54, Boryslavsk 37, 
Kamenka 65. 

Throughout all the regions of Ukraine the Cen- 
tral Committee resolutions are being popularized. In 
the Kiev region these resolutions are distributed to all 


377 


378 


the farmers. Many regions report the return of those 
farmers who had earlier given notice of withdrawal. 
(Pravda, April 9, 1930) 


In the village of Spaske, Novo-Moskovsk district, 
70 poor farmers have declared their intention to carry 
out their previously accepted obligations. In the 
Synelnykiw district 120 men have cancelled their 
notice to withdraw. In nine districts in the Kiev region 
200 men have returned to collective farms. 

In the village of Alexandriwka, Konotop district, 
100 men had withdrawn from the collective farm and 
now 70 of them have returned. In the Arterniw region, 
out of 900 farmers who had left the collective farm, 
650 came back. In Zaporizhya 673 have returned to 
the collective farm in three days. 

(Pravda, April 10, 1930) 


PILLAGE AND ROBBERY OF THE FARMERS 


I am a widow, a poor individual farmer, in the vil- 
lage of Sokhe, Tsybryke district. I wish to reconut the 
unlawful acts of the head of the village Soviet, in my 
village, Kremenchuk. 

This year the village Soviet took my cow for 
non-payment of a loan which I made as a re-settler, 
for a ten-year term. 

I sold the last of my household possessions in 
order to raise the money to repay my debt to the gov- 
ernment. On March 31, of this year, I sent an an- 
nouncement to the Tsybryke Control Commission of 
the Workers Farmers Inspection that I had the money 
to pay my debt and asked them to return my cow, 
which is now in the collective farm “Budenny.” 

They studied my case, and made the recommen- 
dation that my cow should be returned to me when I 
paid my debt, but the head of the Sokhe village Soviet, 
Kremenchuk, has completely ignored it. He will not 
accept my money nor give me back my cow. 

Domka Boychuk 

(Pravde, August 4, 1932) 

I am a farmer in the village of Rudnytsya, Pish- 

chanky district, Vynnytsya region. I work on the land 


steadily and consider myself a middle farmer. I have 
always met the obligations imposed upon me. Be- 
cause I have not joined the collective farm, the village 
Soviet has given me difficult assignments. 


a 
ji 








Favan 





380 


"They arrested me and evicted my family from our 
home, throwing out all our household possessions. 

I took my case to the highest court and to the 
Vynnytsya prosecutor. He twice ordered the village 
Soviet to return my house and property to me but it 
will not comply with these orders. 

M. A. Vodyansky 

(Visti, August 8, 1932) 


VICTIMS SEEK PROTECTION FROM 
THE GOVERNMENT 


Iam 62 years of age and a farmer in the village of 
Novaky. I was disabled in 1920. In 1924 I moved to 
the farmstead, Voloky, where I had 16 acres of culti- 
vater land, 12 acres of hay and a one acre orchard. 
When collectivization began, in 1929, I refrained from 
joining the collective farm because I had a large fam- 
ily of ten, but the collective farm took my cultivated 
land and orchard. 

I complained to the Ukrainian Central Executive 
Committee. They agreed to return my land, or give 
me another tract, but the collective farm would not 
agree. Then I took ту case to the land arbitration 
board which ordered compensation for me amounting 
to 1000 rubles, but I did not receive the money. I was 
given three plots of land, meadow and bush, which I 
cleared and broke. 

On February 27, of this year, I received a letter 
from the village Soviet demanding payment of an in- 
surance premium of 28 rubles. 

On March 8 a brigade came to my place to search 
for hidden grain. 

On March 10 a deputation composed of the Dis- 
trict Executive Committee representative, Kuryatny- 
kov, and the head of the village Soviet, Senchyn, vis- 
ited me and presented papers, imposing a debt against 
me of 168 rubles. When I begged for time to pay this 
debt they took my clothing and several pounds of pork 
fat. They sold all my possessions—two cows, two 
horses, one sheep, one hog, the hóuse, shed and pig sty 
— and banished me from the village. 


There is a great deal of distortion connected with 
collectivization in our village. 

At present I am staying in Kharkiw and beg the 
editors of Visti to take up my case and make in- 
quiries into affairs in my village. I bave been trying 
for four months to obtain justice but to no avail. 

Zosym Brohoshura 

(Visti, September 23, 1932) 


MOBILIZING SCHOOLS TO HELP 
COLLECTIVIZATION 


The People's Commissariat of Education has de- 
cided to mobilize all the students to help in the agri- 
cultural production campaign when they are free from 
studies, beginning in June. 

All Regional Education Committees will be asked 
to engage the schools as soon as possible to participate 
in the social reconstruction of the rural area and the 
realization of the program mapped out by the Party 
and the government. 

The People's Commissariat emphasizes the fact 
that should the schools refrain from activity in this 
matter it would benefit the class enemy. The schools 
work out the following questions in all the groups: 
political and economic assignments in the farm pro- 
duction campaign, complete collectivization, the spring 
seeding campaign and the role of the school in these 
campaigns. 

In the opinion of the People’s Commissariat of 
Education the schools must give special attention to 
the practical work they can do in the collective farms 
in their vicinities and in the drive to expand the col- 
lectivized section of agriculture. 

The People’s Commissariat of Education will 
soon publish a special booklet describing the part the 
schools will take in the spring farm work. 

All schools must keep a record of the work they 
have done in this field. 

(Visti, January 15, 1930) 


381 


F. PRAVOBEREZHNY 
MOLOTOV SPEEDED UP COLLECTIVIZATION 


In the fall of 1931 Molotov himself visited the village of 
Pishchanky, Novo-Moskovsk district, Dniepropetrovsk region. 
In 1930-31 collectivization was practically at a standstill. The 
people became obstinate and would not even hear of collective 
farms again. Thus Molotov's visit was made to invigorate this 
movement. 

He ordered all Party workers in the village, and several 
district workers, to be arrested. He severely censured the vil- 
lage government for their inefficient and bad management and 
expressed a desire to talk to the farmers personally. For better 
effect he called a meeting in the home of one farmer, Bilous- 
Zavhorodny. 

Molotov gave a thunderous speech in which he accused the 
district and village governments of "distorting the Party line." 
He concluded with an appeal to the farmers to take into con- 
sideration all the advantages of collective farming and to enroll 
voluntarily. The farmers, thus encouraged, stood up to say а 
few words themselves. They complained of the harsh methods 
and repression used against them by the local governments. 
After the meeting Molotov was hailed by the farmers as a great 
friend. 

“Molotov himself stated that it would be voluntary." “You 
heard what Comrade Molotov said. Nobody will be forced to 
join the collective farms.” “We all heard what the government 
says. There are still good people who understand us.” Such 
were the arguments with which the people cheered themselves. 

Three days later, after having visited a few other villages, 
Molotov departed. On the following day news spread through 
the village that the Party workers arrested by Molotov had all 
been released. The people wondered for a few days what it 
was all about, then settled down to everyday living again. In 
about a week a GPU district representative came to the village 
and took five men into custody. They were the ones who had 
spoken out in agreement with Molotov at the meeting. A week 
later ten more men were apprehended. After some time the 
news came that they had all been sent to the far North for ten 
years. 

Petitions to Molotov, Kalinin and Petrovsky for the defense 


382 


The district 


government threw itself into collectivization which renewed 


of those unfortunate people were unanswered. 
zeal, as usual on a "voluntary" basis. 









ирро 3 -aa fa 

"purae de рее! 
dur mao aia ХА. 
oue TE Andie хта squat AS addo 93 E 
SEAT d икро Bower 









Kurkuls’ livestock confiscated for collective farms 


From the personal testimony of L. V. 


383 


1. YAWZ 


COLLECTIVIZATION IS OBLIGATORY AND 
"VOLUNTARY" 


In 1931 all the kurkuls and under-kurkuls had 
been liquidated. Their land was confiscated, their homes pillaged 
and closed to their families and they were all arrested. Only the 
poor class of farmers remained, but they were reluctant to go 
into collective farms despite the persistent promises of a "happy 
life" there. 

At this time the government passed a regulation that col- 
lective farms would be organized solely on a voluntary and not 
on a compulsory basis, but compulsory for 50 per cent of the 
population. Taking advantage of the word "voluntary" the 
farmers voluntarily refused to join. This was a general condi- 
tion throughout Ukraine, but my particular story is of the 
Vynnytsya region. 

The Soviet government tried by every means to seduce 
the farmers into collectivization. It sent its network of agents 
into action and they visited the farmers daily in their homes, 
talking to them, persuading them to join the collective farms. 
If this proved unsuccessful they brought the farmers to the 
village Soviet and talked some more. Nearly every night small 
group meetings were held. The farmers were not given any 
peace or a chance to sleep in this mad drive to wear down their 
resistance. After repeated drumming of this propaganda into 
the farmers, individually and in small groups, a general meeting 
was called by the village Soviet. 

At the meeting a table was carried onto the floor loaded 
with completed applications. After a few brief words on the 
same topic, the advantages of the collective farms and voluntary- 
compulsory enrollment, the chairman added, "Those for the 
collective farms stand to the right. Those against collective 
farms and the Soviet government stand to the left." 

The people were panic-stricken. They did not wish to 
join, but were afraid to admit this and be accused of being 
"enemies of the people", as they well knew would happen from 
the experiences of the kurkuls. For some minutes they 
sat confused and bewildered and then slowly and hesitantly 
py walked over to the right side of the hall—for the collective 

arms. 





384 












ПРОТОКОЛ +. eR 

ў ABD ПРОФ КРАН, : Hod > 
“= Дныфро - Позрувовев! круге d 
t DinSywarrooe II Јиетон у 1002 5j] 

4 a 







5 - n 
ER ing foo ed Sta 
hopuni Pete 0. 


Jeepewa, Meiser, "ran Па 





emo. 












































| 
АЛ»: Paza UTLP SK ig, Nata 
Y A es Зари xóa. OFF, imi 
Emorum: Головы | 
вах Гроиаеячина іре янэто же Dro vot spero 
ABA duros и us СЕ 
insa $2 ити, Dore ен Зо пу 
ia E мае ULTOR Ha мол. SUDO нт PA d 
Te a 
B есь Ten " 25 T 
jpn innra az ect ana Я 
ies к 
hs Taba rien. Braa Crap MOT anotan a 





zer von Зарас = 
T Rose cob foto 1 


ecu c | 
epu cir № 
Е уе лан, 
ima петна ы. Ты ewer, по 
Е EP Peu d 













ets 



























CXYIATS Ow ть sarap abe! 
TURNS ватчате {4 ты PN da отиту uat 
| BRE e, ERG P ЬМ 









Jj 8 аяп: п года: EE Wert EL 
РН ae Tona 
WAKE морову wphe-rii; ти сужу про nenpt Irom 
CRY AAR apy opty cuyvsereceasidlüs ga та sanp! 
Vieh ory од uut e, quo etam 
модина SX теке payera по опікунськїя cupeai окүощо. 


УАЗАДИЈ И: Опризоьу того ҷо npu ygsope: оп му мирна Copan 
OKOM) 3% 1333803 хліба 38! е, way 
Fa ens agen te Rebar d 

s Mutton w awom, € Kopa Mha yas olira Fa tr Ogun 
EL ROPNY Cmespesroro  winiópezu T4 napaaga 
D ANAL UNIT MeL aed 


Сула Д 0: emu Kosomixa Петры, трона што, Bani nadur | 





Юго wwe оп чыңного Ns ловало ким писара 1919 
BIACUNAUMD eye, ADR, 


Ipag Коваланка Morpa 
мә uaino y Gurba "овы stu 
Зразу; Toro pr ПРМ оюдачыні aeey 
BUM NE LESE TAD PEU ^ 
B UNHCIC SD ONE OE Uy mM наи 
o oR BBO Cela АГУ 
FED d uri Cur anon AS SE 











К жанае а MAE 


Peasants’ goods confiscated 


The next day the brigade carne and took away all their 
tures, stating that they voluntarily and in good faith had joined 
the collective farm, that they were willingly turning over all 
their land and property and promised henceforth to work, with 
their whole families, honestly and conscientiously for the success 
of the said collective farm. 

The next day the brigade came and took away all their 
cattle, horses and farm machinery. The homes were filled with 
heartbreak and despair and curses while the Soviet newspapers 
triumphantly reported the growing rate of collectivization. 


1. YAWZ 


DRIVEN INTO COLLECTIVE FARMS BY 
COMMUNIST PROVOCATION 


There were villages in Ukraine where the people stoically 
refused to be swayed by propaganda and instigation and even 
defied arrest in their stand not to join the collective farms. Then 
the Communists used so-called provocation methods. 

Included among the organized and determined villages 
were Klembiwka, Pysariwka, Kartsy and others in tht Yampil 
district, Vynnytsya region. To break this resistance the Soviet 
agents set fire to the home of one of the activists. The 
village was engulfed in turmoil and agitation. The villagers 
were all summoned to the sguare at the village Soviet. When a 
large mob had collected, an NKVD cavalry detachment sud- 
denly appeared and surrounded the crowd of people. The com- 
mander called about a hundred names from a list and ordered 
those people to stand aside. 

When the men had done as they were bid the commander 
pronounced them malicious "enemies of the people," stubborn 
active, and to prove his accusations he cited the case of the 
burning house. 

The group of men was immediately taken in charge by the 
cavalry and escorted to the railroad station. Where they went 
from there no one ever knew. 

The rest of the crowd were given applications right on the 
spot for “voluntary” enrollment into the collective farm. Need- 
less to say everyone signed, 


386 


In this manner Lenin's and Stalin's principle of voluntari- 
ness in the building of collectivization, which Stalin elaborated 
in his article "Dizzy With Success", was adhered to. 


F. PRAVOBEREZHNY 


IF YOU DON'T SIGN YOU AND YOUR FAMILY 
WILL GO TO SIBERIA 


In the village of Hermaniwka, Obukhiw district, Kiev 
region, the head of the village Soviet, Nikiforov, personally vis- 
ited the farmers and instigated them to join the collective farm. 
He was a Party member sent to the village from Russia as one 
of the “thousanders.” He had a method all his own which he 
used оп the farmers. Coming to a home he sent all the farmer's 
family out of the house and sitting down with him at the table 
he pounded it with his pistol for proper effect and asked: 

“Well, Kindrat, are you going to join the collective farm?” 

The farmer fidgeted and coughed and mumbled something. 
He did not refuse but did not want to sign. 

“Well, you have to sign because I am in a hurry.” 

“You know how it is, Comrade Nikiforov, I am not against 
collective farms but it is not convenient for me to sign right now. 
I am not very well.” 

“I advise you to sign,” continued Nikiforov, pushing the 
form under the farmer’s nose, "because if you won't, then you 
and your family go to Siberia. 

Standing up he added coldly: 

“Start getting ready. The train leaves tomorrow afternoon. 
You won't need to take anything with you. You will get all you 
need when you arrive there." 

Thus the “ingenious” Nikiforov signed up the majority of 
the people in this large village for the collective farm. 

Provocation, cheating, terror and such methods of agita- 
tion as have been mentioned here finally broke the resistance of 
a great many farmers. 





F. Pravoberezhny 


MIGHT AS WELL SIGN, FEDIR, SUCH 
IS YOUR FATE 
Ordinary agitation was of little help in getting the people 
into collective farms. The farmers often agreed with the argu- 


387 


ments set forth but would not go so far as to join. Then more 
effective methods were tried. 

In our village — Stavka, Rzhyshchiw district — a general 
meeting was called one day in the village school-house. When 
the people had all entered, the door was locked and the agita- 
tion started. The district representative made a speech enum- 
erating the advantages of collective farms and ending with an 
appeal to the farmers to sign the applications. 

Then one of the activists approached the table, ob- 
viously pre-arranged, and began: 

"Please, Comrades, sign me in, and according to socialist 
solidarity I call upon my neighbor, Comrade Fedir Perepickha, 
to come forward and sign too." 

Perepichka hemmed and hawed. His wife was ill and his 
children still small, and there was this thing and another. One 
by one his excuses were dismissed. Perepichka still stalled and 
an hour passed. Then a tired voice was heard from a group of 
men, “You might as well sign, Fedir, such is your fate.” 

Fedir signed, and after long persuasion and goading by the 
district representative he called upon one of his neighbors to 
come up and sign. This one also offered many reasons why he 
could not but ended by signing, and so the show continued. 

The meeting lasted all night and all the following day with- 
out a break or intermission. If one of the farmers had personal 
reasons why he had to leave the room he was led out by two 
militiamen who brought him back again. But in spite of the 
extreme pressure only 25 men signed. The others remained 
adamant. 


FUNDAMENTALLY COLLECTIVIZATION 
IS COMPLETE 


The year 1931 meant a new growth for the col- 
lectivization movement. In the grain-growing regions 
80 per cent of the farms are now incorporated in the 
collective farms. Fundamentally, collectivization is 
now complete. In regions producing less grain or in 
in those regions raising technical produce, the collec- 
tive farms comprise more than 50 per cent of the 
farms. 

Two-thirds of the cultivated land is now included 
in the 200,000 collective farms and 4,000 state farms. 


388 


This represents a great victory for socialism in 
the rural areas. 
(History of the All-Union Communist Party, 1945.) 


THE RATE OF FURTHER 
COLLECTIVIZATION 


(Resolution of the Central Committee of the Com- 
munist Party, passed August 2, 1931) 

2. Collectivization must be considered funda- 
mentally complete: 

(1) In Northern Caucasus (with the exception 
of a few nationalist regions) where 88 per cent of the 
poor and middle farmers have been incorporated into 
collectivization, taking in 94 per cent of the cultivated 
land. 

(2) In the Lower Volga (except the Kalmyk 
region) 82 and 92 per cent. 

(3) On the Central Volga (Left Bank) 69 and 
80 per cent. 

(4) In Ukraine (the steppe region) 85 and 94 
per cent. 

(5) In Ukraine (Livoberezhya) 69 and 90 per 
cent. 

(6) In Crimea, 83 and 93 per cent. 

(7) In the Ural region (the grain-producing 
districts) 75 and 82 per cent. 

(8) In Moldavia (Ukraine) 68 and 92 per cent. 

3. As regards other grain producing regions of 
the USSR, (grain-growing regions of the Kazakstan, 
Western Siberia, Bashkiria, Eastern Siberia and the 
Far East), the cotton-producing regions of Central 
Asia, Kazakstan, and regions beyond the Caucasus, 
and the beet-growing regions of Ukraine, the Central 
Committee of the All-Union Communist Party advises 
that no relaxation must be permitted in the collectivi- 
zation program so that by 1932 collectivization will 
be fundamentally complete. 


389 


CHAPTER VL 


RESISTANCE OF THE FARMERS AND THE WOMEN 


Anyone not familiar with all phases of the internal war in 
the USSR may think that Ukrainian farmers used only passive 
resistance against the Soviet government and its Party police 
rule. Actually during that time there were many cases of armed 
struggle against the collective slavery. 

Not all records and material concerning these events have 
been compiled. It is sufficient perhaps to mention the event 
that took place in Kuban in 1932-33, as an illustration of the 
extent of this warfare, when 12,000 fully armed NKVD sol- 
diers fought with all their might to quell an uprising. 

Of course, there were also instances of uprisings being 
provoked by government agents in order to have grounds to 
arrest the anti-Soviet element. These facts prove to what ex- 
treme desperation the farmers had been driven, when any revolt 
could easily be set off. 

The Communists called all active resistance, whether armed 
or not, “rebellions” and kurkul provocations, and tried to 
turn public opinion against them. This did not deter the farm- 
ers. Such outbursts came about spontaneously, without previous 
preparation or organization, revealing the great anguish and 
desire for vengeance of the defenceless population. 

The women played perhaps the greatest role in the mass 
resistance. This has been mentioned in other documents con- 
cerned with the demolition of collective farms which followed 
the publication of Stalin's article "Dizzy With Success." 


1. Z—LYA. 


CAN YOU HEAR US, WORLD? 


A lady friend of mine who was an agriculturalist in Kharkiw 
was sent to help in the spring seeding campaign of 1930 in the 
collective farms in the Proskuriw district, which borders on 
Poland. She told me the following story. 

In the spring of 1930, when the farmers had already been 


391 


forced into collective farms and not only their land, farm ma- 
chinery and livestock had been expropriated but even their 
milch cows and fowl, a mass protest sprang up in the villages, 
especially among the women. It often led to armed encounters 
with government representatives. In many villages the women 
broke into collective farms and took whatever had been their 
property before collectivization. 

In one village on the Zbruch River the men and women, 
driven by collectivization, staged a demonstration. They paraded 
through the village streets to the Zbruch River and the усгу 
border of Poland and called in a loud chant: "Can you hear us, 
world? We have arisen, come and help us." 

This desperate plea was sent out to the whole non-Com- 
munist world whose answer then, as now, was stony silence. 


M. TOHOBICHNY 
LENIN DID NOT HELP, ALL WERE DEPORTED 


In the village of Nove Horobya, Malynka district, Kiev 
region, the local school teacher was a Komsomol, whom the 
government accused of not doing enough for collectivization. 
Then he began to call meetings every evening. 

At one meeting after a preliminary warming-up period 
the agitator turned to a farmer, Tymoshenko, and said, "Tell 
us why you do not want to join the collective farm?” 

"Well, you see, I really don't mind but my wife does not 
wish to, and I cannot join without her." 

“Who is the head in your home, you or your wife?” 

“At home I am head, but in the collective farm the head is 
useless without the hands," Tymoshenko tried to wiggle out of 
his situation. 

These meetings continued all winter and still the collective 
farm was not organized. And then, when the news got around 
that women were exempt from joining collective farms, they 
went into action. One woman from Baraniwka rode horse-back 
through the neighboring village instigating women to keep out 
of collective farms. 

The farmers in the village of Nove Horobya, believing in 
the government statements that collectivization was voluntary, 
decided that the fault lay with their school teacher. So one 
spring day when the gutters were full of water from the thaw 
the farmers marched up to the school-house in a mob, took the 


392 


m 


EL 


ar «drea xpd 





Demand for a confidential report on peasant morale 


393 


teacher to the village and locked him in a basement to keep him 
from calling the incessant meetings of which the farmers were 
tired, 

One of the two students who had been with the teacher 
when the capture occurred ran through back fences and full 
ditches to the district headquarters, and announced that an 
insurgent revolt was in progress. The other hid in the attic 
until the following day, then went to the district headquarters 
with the information that the farmers were holding the teacher 
captive in a basement and were themselves marching through 
the streets in demonstration carrying Lenin's portrait and 
singing Revolutionary songs, proclaiming that Lenin, their 
father, did not create collective farms. This affair lasted for 
two days. 

Towards evening on the third day a GPU detachment came 
to the village from Korosten, surrounded the village, and held it 
incommunicado. After several days the GPU entered the village 
and prohibited the farmers from leaving their premises, and 
later from leaving their houses. The school teacher was released 
and he declared that he had not been molested but was well fed 
and looked after, but that the farmers had locked him up because 
they were tired of so many meetings. 

Another week went by. Then one Sunday morning the 
GPU entered every home and drove all adult residents to a 
"meeting." Because there was no other building large enough 
to accommodate the crowd of people they were taken to the bath- 
house. After making another thorough search of the village in 
case someone had hidden, the GPU surrounded the bath-house. 

They ordered the people to go outside. Then about 200 
men had their hands tied behind their backs and were escorted 
to the railroad station. The next morning, after spending the 
night in a cramped barrack without food or drink, they were 
loaded on to a freight train and taken to an unknown destination. 

Not a single Soviet newspaper mentioned this event except 
one small local journal which curtly stated that 87 per cent of 
the village of Nove Horobya was composed of kurkuls who 
had opposed collectivization. 


M. PETRIVSKY as told to him by SKLAR 
THE UPRISING IN ANDRIYEWKA 
In 1929 after my graduation from the Izyum Pedagogical 


394 


Technicum I was sent to teach in the village of Andriyewka, 
Balaklayiwka district, Kharkiw region. However teaching 
was not my main assignment, which was to serve on the grain- 
collecting commission, Harvest time, in the late summer, was 
particularly hard for me. 

The commission had orders from above to take the grain 
straight from the threshing machine. The farmers opposed this 
with all their might, but we paid no heed to them. 

One day I came to the threshing machine which was in 
operation on one farmer’s place and as soon as I mentioned the 
grain-coliecting plan the farmer's son snatched a pitch fork and 
started after me. Only a minor accident saved me from that 
irate youth. He tripped, and drove his fork into the ground 
instead of my back. In the meantime I was able to get away and 
hide in the straw pile. 

That day the whole village rebelled. The villagers had 
gathered and, armed with whatever weapons they could muster, 
pitch forks, scythes, axes, stakes and poles, they marched on the 
village active. 

They chased the Central Committee representative to the 
village Soviet. There he locked himself in and shot at his 
attackers with a pistol until his ammunition ran out. Then the 
mob broke in, and beat and trampled him to death. 

For several days the insurgents held sway over the village. 
Then an army unit drove in from Kharkiw and an artillery 
group opened fire on the village. The farmers surrendered. 

A few of them fled, but the great majority were arrested 
and deported. Several were shot. 

The youth who chased me with the pitch fork also fled. 
Some time later I met him accidentally in Kharkiw, but managed 
to dodge him as I had on the farm. 


3. Р. 


WHAT DOES IT MATTER WHETHER WE DIE TODAY 
OR TOMMOROW? 

In August, 1932, in the village of Mykhayliwka, Burymka 
district, Sumy region, the collective farm "Shevchenko" was 
given a grain-collecting plan which, had it been fulfilled, would 
have threatened the whole village with starvation. The plan 
pase required to be approved by a meeting of the collective 
farmers. 


395 


For three days the village Soviet attempted to call the 
meeting but the farmers would not appear. Then on the fourth 
day, August 11, the meeting was called for noon, and was to be 
held in the field. Three field brigades, numbering about 400 
men, were assembled at one spot. The plan was announced and 
the collective farm bookkeeper read the amount of the year's 
crop, the grain on hand and the set wages — 200 grams of grain 
per work day. 

The chairman of the meeting, the head of the collective 
farm, then turned to the farmers with the question, "Are we 
going to complete this plan?” The men remained silent, and 
the women began to weep. The chairman continued, "We have 
to work here in the collective farm, and live and eat. Do not 
think that I will give away your grain without your consent." 

That night the head of the collective farm, David Ivanovych 
Chuyenko, disappeared. On the following day, however, the 
GPU captured and arrested him. They also arrested the head 
of the village Soviet, Ivan Dzhema. 

The next day the farmers called another meeting in the 
fields. This time the women took the initiative. During a 
discussion one, Maryna Sukhorebra, stood up and said, "You 
all know what our head of the collective farm told us yesterday 
and today he is not here. Now they will send us another in his 
place who will take all our grain away. You saw how the grain 
is pouring into the railroad station and we have not received a 
kernel for eight months of labor. Throw down your tools and 
let us go home. What does it matter wheather we die today or 
tomorrow?” Everybody left work and went home. 

On the way home they were met by the NKVD, who tried 
to force them back to work. An elderly lady of about sixty, 
Motrya Karpusenko, pushed her way into the village Soviet and 
smeared with mud the portraits of the Soviet lords, Stalin, Mo- 
lotov, Kaganovich and others. Leaving Lenin intact she 
commented, “This one gave us land and these thugs took it 
away." 

The mob of farmers ignored the NKVD orders until one of 
the latter started to shoot into the air. Even this went 
unheeded. Three women walked up to the District Party 
Secretary and the District Prosecutor and declared, "Throw 
down your guns, then let us talk. We demand the release of 
the head of our collective farm and the head of the village 


396 








Qt 
EE a 



















; pes i RUE mU 


pn hice 
вчелко, я 
Nd ih Sie 
riga abe rdi 
CU ee 


UTE 








НЕ А z 


uiis esit! dorops 












yn Y 
nsr: аа?" 18 A 
seri: BY; ‘даров 


Rgysetosecc. асер 


Passe 1 
2 Surg 


Deprived of franchise 


397 


Soviet, a reduction in our money tax, our pay lor our working 
days for eight months, and a highter grain-collecting plan." 

Then another brave woman, Yavdokha Tretyakiw, leaped 
at the Party secretary and snatched the pistol out of his hands. 
As she threw it away an armed NKVD officer tried to grab her 
and the others who had spoken out. All the other women 
immediately rushed to the defence of the accosted group, 
fending off the armed officers who, in turn, threatened them 
with prison and concentration camps. 

The angry crowd suddenly made a rush for the stables to 
take away their livestock and their grain from the granaries, but 
armed guards were already there. 

The ensuing days were exciting and bitter. Following an 
investigation three court trials functioned, one in the village 
Soviet, one in the school-house and one at the district head- 
quarters. Sixty-seven people were sentenced, some to be shot, 
some to terms in concentration camps, while still others 
committed suicide. Among those sentenced to be shot was the 
head of the collectivefarm, David Ivanovych Chubenko member 
of the Communist Party and a former Red partisan. All other 
members of the collective farm executive received different terms 
of imprisonment. 


VOLOHODSKY 


THE WOMEN REVOLT 


In the spring of 1933 in the village of Pleshky, Poltava 
region, situated about 18 miles from the Dnieper River, а 
terrible famine raged, like everywhere else in Ukraine. In Kar- 
penko's yard were two sheds filled with the collective farm grain 
and they were the cause of a great tragedy in that village. 

A group of women and girls had gathered at these sheds 
with the intention of breaking in and getting some grain. The 
instigator of this venture was an eighteen-year old girl named 
Nastya Denysenko. The village active made up of the 
following persons, Mykyta Tsar, Mykyta Matviyenko, Semen 
Shapoval, Stepan Rudenko, Stepan Denysenko, Petro Torba, 
Serhiy Denysenko, Rudy and others, and headed by two 
Russians, Ivanov and Sukhomlinov, tried to ward off the 
desperate women. They appealed to Nastya to prevail upon her 
group to leave the scene, but this only infuriated them into 
further action. 


398 


Instantly the women all held weapons, seemingly secured 
out of nowhere. Brandishing pitch forks, poles and rocks they 
drove off the active, broke down the doors of the grain 
sheds and began filling their sacks. In the meantime an urgent 
message had been telephoned to the Helmyaziw district for 
help in quelling the revolt. 

In about fifteen minutes several dozen armed mounted 
militiamen appeared at the scene of the trouble. The chief 
dismounted and ordered the women to cease their rebellion and 
go home, but his command was met with mute silence. The 
women all waited for Nastya to make the first move. She 
appeared at the front of her group and quietly stated., "We are 
starving and will not leave. This is our grain you Russian 
robbers are keeping from us." 

The chief ordered his men to open fire. Nastya was the 
first to fall. Many others were killed and many more wounded 
before the hungry demonstration was subdued. Many of the 
women who survived the shooting were later arrested for the 
unforgivable crime of taking a little of their own grain to feed 
their starving children. Not one of them remained in the 
village. 

Hryhoriy Kostiuk in, “Stalin's Purge in Ukraine.” 


THE UPRISING IN PAVLOHRAD 


This uprising took place in the spring of 1930, during the 
cruel grain-collecting scheme, compulsory collectivization and 
dekurkulization. 

By a coincidence the uprising was headed by a lieutenant 
of the Red Army who was on furlough visiting his parents, who 
had just been entered on the list sentencing them to liquidation. 

Like lightning, the uprising spread throughout the 
adjoining districts. Many government officials, brigade 
members, communication and information officials were unable 
to get away in time and died at the hands of the enraged mob. 
The united efforts of the different divisions of the army, including 
the tank corp and the air force, were required to bring the 
revolt under control. 

On the fifth day the spontaneous uprising, armed with such 
weapons as axes, pitch-forks, poles and pistols, was quelled in 
a regular army battle. The lieutenant-commander of the army 
was killed in the fight, and also many soldiers and many 


399 


insurgents. АП participants in the gigantic protest were 
sentenced to ten years in concentration camps. Their families 
were all shipped to the North. 


One of them, Ivan Petrovych Prykhodko, who was eighteen 


years old at the time of the uprising, was in the Vorkuta 
concentration camp when I entered that place. We were 
inmates together for four years, 1936-40. 


400 


WOMEN ORGANIZE THE DEFENCE 


In 1928, the grain commission in the village of 
Efremiwka, Kharkiw region, assigned quotas to the 
better farmers, who had obstinately evaded the grain- 
collecting plan. On May 30, 1929, the commission 
decided to seize all the grain from the threshers and 
list the kurkul property for sale. 

A member of the village Soviet, Soldatenko, 
visited the kurkul, Ihor Poshiniw, to list all his 
property, while at the same time Fomichiw, a commi- 
Ssion member, went to seize his grain. 

Soldatenko was met by a mob of women who cre- 
ated a disturbance, threatened his life and stopped Po- 
shiniw from making the list. The next time a militia 
officer was sent tocomplete thelist, buta crowd of 200 
people intercepted him, greeting him with abusive 
language and beating one of the commission members, 
Ponomarenko. 

A mob of women attacked the head of the village 
Soviet, Mykhayliw, and forced him to return the 
grain he had seized earlier. The women tried to beat 
the District Executive Committee representative, Bu- 
da, but he managed to escape. 

The women rioted all day, and on the next they 
met again and continued with the rampage. 

The visiting assizes of the Kharkiw Regional 


Court convicted the women for their drastic action. 
(Visti, August 7, 1929). 


THE WOMEN DEFEND THEMSELVES 
AGAINST COLLECTIVIZATION 


The class struggle in the villages has intensified 
during the spring seeding campaign Kurkul 


tactics appear in many shapes and forms. They are 
placing their hopes on the women. 

A tractor brigade was sent from a state farm to 
one of the villages of the Urnan region, which was 
converted to complete collectivization. The brigade 
was intercepted by a mob of women, who would not 
let them enter the village. They even attempted to 
drown the tractor drivers in the creek. 

The most savage kurkuls are in the steppe 
regions. Strong agitation against the collectivization 
is carried on by the white guard. 

(Pravda, January 13, 1930). 


In the villages of the Pervomaysk region, such as 
Bandurka, Tsariwka and Demydiwka, all the poor 
farmers have joined the collective farms. After some 
time, though, the men stated in the village Soviet that 
they wished to withdraw because their women were 
against it. In one village 48 people had joined in a 
week, then 41 withdrew later. 

In one of the villages of the Holovaniwka district 
the women complained, “In the collective farm we 
all have to eat out of one kettle. We had enough of 
that during the landlords’ reign.” 

(Pravda, January 9, 1930). 





THE VILLAGE SOVIET ROBS THE FARMERS 


In the village of Pidhorodnya, seven miles froni 
Dniepropetrovsk, a village Soviet representative, Rad- 
chenko, came on February 8 with a group o: 
activists to the home of Bulata. He was а 
factory worker in Dniepropetrovsk and owned а 
middle-sized farm in Pidhorodnya. Not finding Bu- 
lata at home Radchenko began taking away the seed 
grain. Bulata's wife screamed at him, but he ignored 
her. Then she called her neighbors and about 7 or 8 
women came and implored Radchenko to stop. 

The kurkuls exaggerated the story and gave 
it wide circulation. "They are robbing the poor," they 
told everyone." "Who is robbing them?" the farmers 
asked. "The village Soviet—chase them" they urged 
the people. 


401 


402 


Soon a large crowd had assembled at Bulata's 
horne, most of them women, since the men were at 
work in the factory, (70 per cent of the villagers work 
in factories) and forced Radchenko to stop taking 
grain. 

Several hours later the head of the village Soviet 
sent a militia officer, who managed to collect the grain. 

On February 11 another alarm went through the 
village. The women again congregated and the ku r- 
kuls openly led the attack. They incited the poor and 
middle farmers to destroy the storehouse where the 
socialized seed grain was kept. The attack was 
defeated. 

Especially active in the agitation were the wife of 
W. I. Kuzmenko, a malicious kurkul, Evdokia 
Hetman and P. Kuzmenko. These three women, on 
January 12, called together 15 poor farmers at the 
home of Skupchenko and urged them to rebel 

(Visti, February 20, 1930). 


WOMEN'S OPPOSITION 
TO COLLECTIVIZATION 


The kurkuls are trying their utmost to check 
the tremendous wave of the collectivization movement, 
often using the women to achieve this end. (Slogan). 

On January 10 a women's meeting was called in 
the village of Koshel, Nizhenka region, to discuss the 
reconstruction of farming and collectivization. 

Two kurkul women, Marusya Padalka and 
Victoria Harmashewska, plotted to break up the 
meeting. They enticed a poor woman, Hanna No- 
sovych, to join them. Hanna made the following 
statement: "Do not listen to the dupes." 

The three, joined by other rich women, created 
a disturbance, pushed the district representative 
against the wall with a bench while another group 
held the chairman of the meeting helpless and cut off 
all his buttons. 

Naturally, the meeting was broken up. 

The next day, when the Regional Party Commi- 
ttee representative came to the village, the women 


again tried to obstruct the meeting. 

The Nizhen Regional Court sentenced Marusya 
Padalka and Victoria Harmashewska to two years 
imprisonment with solitary confinement. Hanna No- 
sovych was given six months' forced labor. 

(Visti, February 27, 1930). 

Following are some documents which are evi- 
dence of acts of sheer terrorism perpetrated by the 
farmers against government representatives in charge 
of collectivization. Usually they took the form of 
assassinations and arson. 

In Kamenets-Podilsky 10 activists' homes 
were set on fire. In Sumy, the home of the head of 
the village Soviet was burned down and another fire 
occurred in Shepetiwka, whereafew activists were 
wounded. In the village of Obukhiw, in the Kiev 
region, a farmer killed a "thousander" with an axe 
before the eyes of an activist brigade. In the 
village of Vysyaky an activist commander was 
shot to death through his kitchen window. 


KURKULS SET FIRE TO ACTIVISTS’ HOMES 


In Kamyanets-Podilsky terrorist acts by kur- 
kuls against activists are becoming more and 
more frequent. In the village of Stara Synyava, in the 
зате region, they burned ten homes of activists, 
causing damage amounting to 10,000 rubles. The 
guilty have all been arrested. 

In the village of Zaborozenka the kurkuls set 
fire to the homes of the head of the village Soviet and 
of the grain-collecting agent. 

(Pravda, October 9, 1929), 


THE KURKUL TERROR 


The grain-collecting plans in the Vyrowka district, 
Sumy region, have not been successful. On October 
1, 78 per cent of the plans had been completed, but 
not even half of the food produce had been collected. 

The Organization of Land Cultivation completed 
its original plan and arranged for the collection of 
surplus grain from individual farmers. 


403 


404 


The kurkuls hand in their grain very re- 
luctantly and only under severe pressure. They not 
only hinder the grain-collecting plans but resort to 
acts of terror against the collecting agents. On the 
evening of September 30 they set fire to the home of 
the head of the village Soviet in Hanniwka and on the 
following night burned the home of a member of the 
grain-collecting commission, Vyrya. 

The class enemy has infiltrated the grain-collect- 
ing apparatus and is aiding the kurkuls by 
delaying the grain-collecting. 

The grain-collecting undertaking is the most 
vital part of the class struggle, waged on a united 
front by the workers and the poor and middle farmers. 
(Newspaper slogans). 

(Visti, October В, 1929. 

A frenzied resistance is being made by the kur- 
kuls against the grain-collecting plans. In spite 
of their drastic acts of terrorism against activists, 
such as the assassination of Savchuk a village reporter 
and member of the Selychiwka village Soviet, and 
setting fire to homes of active co-operative workers 
in Myrutyne village, the Shepetiwka region has 
completed its grain-collecting plan for the year. 

(Visti, November 24, 1929). 


TERROR AGAINST GRAIN-COLLECTING 
IS SPREADING 


"The violent resistance to the grain-collecting plan, 
staged by the kurkuls in the Berdychiw region is 
being carried to extreme lengths. They terrorize 
Soviet activists and members of the grain- 
collecting commissions. 

In the village of Dombal:wxa the kurkuls 
burned down the home of the village Soviet head, and 
another home in Mala Klitenka. 

"The priest in the village of Sadky joined the kur- 
kulsin their counter-revolutionary work and together 
they shot at the grain-collecting commission. 

In the village of Slobozhyshcha the kurkuls 
shot and wounded the local activist, the head of 


the farm artel, who was very activc in the grain- 
collecting campaign. 

The priests are largely responsible for the terrorist 
acts. 
In the village of Markycha, where the priest still 
has a land allotment, he was asked to give 200 bushels 
of grain and within half an hour the kurkuls 
produced the required amount, so that without even 
threshing his grain the priest handed in his quota. 

These examples of strong resistance prove that 
serious attention should be devoted to the grain- 
collecting campaigns by such organizations as the 
village community centers and reading halls. They 
carry on intensive political, educational work by 
bringing into the open the detrimental actions of the 
kurkuls. 

(Visti, October 10, 1929). 


F. PRAVOBEREZHNY 
A "THOUSANDER" KILLED WITH А CLEAVER 


In January, 1933, surplus grain and farm produce was 
being collected. Everything edible was taken. My cousin, who 
lived in the village of Stayka, Rzhyshchiw region, hid a pint jar 
of millet seed in the ground near the shed, and it was found and 
taken. My neighbor had 6 to 8 pounds of buckwheat buried and 
this was also found and taken. 

One day the search brigade came to the home of a farmer 
in Obukhiw village. He had at one time been a butcher. Now 
he was widowed, and had five children. 

The commander of the brigade, a “25-thousander,” persisted 
that the man show him where he had hidden his pork fat. The 
farmer insisted that he had no pork fat, that he had sold it all 
to raise money for taxes. The commander called to the NKVD, 
who accompanied the brigade on its rounds, to corne and arrest 
the farrner. 

The farmer turned to the ikon in the corner of the room and 
made the sign of the cross. He whispered a prayer over the 
heads of his children, all huddled over the brick oven. Then he 
grabbed his old butcher's axe and in that instant split open the 
head of the “25-thousander.” 


405 


W.SAVUR 


A SHOT IN RETRIBUTION 


During the grain-collecting campaign of 1929-30 in the 
village of Vysyaky, Bohuslawka district, Kiev region, the 
Disttict Party representative, Andriy Boyko, was extremely 
abusive to the farmers. He was an ardent Communist with 
very little education, and as a Party candidate worked as a 
warden in the bush. He lived in a house on the very edge of the 
village of Vysyaky. When the grain-collecting campaign got 
under way he headed an activist group, who searched for 
hidden grain and swept clean all the farmers' food stores. 

One spring evening when Boyko was at home eating supper 
a shot was fired through his kitchen window which hit him in the 
head. Thelight in the гоот went out and when his wife, (whom 
he had forced to marry him after shooting her father and 
brother), entered and lit the lamp she found him slumped over 
the table in a poll of blood. 

Thus, someone unknown had taken his revenge on Boyko 
for his cruelty to the people. 

We have given only a few examples of acts of terrorism 
committed against government representatives. Actually this 
state of rebellion prevailed everywhere in Ukraine and through- 
out the whole of the USSR, and had reached such proportions 
that the government was forced to provide a special regulation 
to help the victimized activists. 


AIDING THE VICTIMS 


(Regulation of the Ukrainian Central Executive 
Committee and the Ukrainian Council of People's 
Commissars, passed March 3, 1930, to provide help 
to sufferers from kurkul violence). 

To extend all possible help, by government and 
public organizations, to persons or establishments 
suffering as a result of kurkul violence, the Uk- 
rainian Central Executive Committee and the Council 
of People's Commissars of Ukraine have resolved: 

1. To create a special fund, established by the 
Council of People's Commissars, to aid all those 
persons or establishments who have suffered at the 
hands of the kurkuls. 


406 


2. The funds are to be raised from: 

(1) Appropriating 25 per cent of the proceeds 
from fines and penalties paid by individual farmers for 
violating rulings passed at general meetings regarding 
the grain-collecting plan. 

(2) Funds assigned for this purpose from go- 
vernment and local budgets. 

(3) Contributions of money and goods by 
village benevolent organizations. 

3. To use the assigned funds for compensating the 
poor and middle farmers and government workers who 
have sufferred losses inflicted by the kurkuls, 
especially those whose property was not insured. 

4. The extent of help to be given from the fund 
shall be determined by the Council of People's 
Commissars according to the extent of the losses. 

5. The Presidium of the Regional Executive 
Committee is directly to supervise the work of the 
Council in carrying out this regulation. 

6. This regulation is passed on the basis of the 
regulation of November 16, 1929, passed by the 
Supreme Soviet and the Council of People's Commi- 
ssars of the USSR providing aid to individuals and 
establishments suffering losses from the kurkul 
violence. 

Chairman of the Ukrainian Central Executive 
Committee — Petrovsky. 

Chairrnan of the Council of People's Commissars 
— Chubar. 

Secretary of the Ukrainian Central Executive 
Committee — Horlinsky. 


Opposition to collectivization also stemmed from yet 
another source, which had its dangerous aspects for the go- 
vernment. It arose from numerous Soviet government agents 
themselves. Their desertions were eventually punished by the 
government. Following are a few examples. 


HUMAN CONSCIENCE WILL NOT 
BE APPEASED 


A young, full-fledged agriculturalist, M. Syma- 
kov, came to the Hladun collective farm in Ukraine 


407 


from the Tymiryaziw Agricultural Institute. After 
seven days at his post he withdrew. He wrote the 
following notice of resignation: — 

“I do not believe in the collective farm system. 
The pace in the reconstruction of agriculture is too 
rapid. This is a wrong course taken by the Party. 
Let my words be a warning." 

Symakov's resignation was accepted. Не is no 
longer either an agriculturalist or a Party member. 

Only one thing is not clear. How could the 
Party organization of Tymiryaziw allow into the 
Party individuals who cannot withstand the test of 
real work? 

(Pravda, February 28, 1930). 


The Karl Marx district in the Dniepropetrovsk 
region conducted collectivization through meetings 
and administration. 

During the vicious class struggle in the villages 
some Communists deserted. The head of the 
Committee of Poor Farmers in Lobiykove village went 
to the collective farm one night and removed his horse. 
In the village of Kotiwka the director of the District 
Land Department deserted. Other deserters are: 
the head of the Chernetchyn village Soviet, the or- 
ganizer of the women's ision in Spaske, Baturyn, 
and many others. 

The Dniepropetrovsk Regional Party Committee 
has sent over 2,000 city Communists for extensive 
work in the villages. 

(Pravda, March 28, 1930). 











DESERTER FROM THE “25-THOUSANDERS” 


In the Dobovyaziwka sugar refinery of the Ko- 
notop region, when production workers were mo- 
bilized to help collectivization in the villages, one of 
the workers, a member of the sugar workers' union, 
Kolesny, brought his ticket to the factory committee, 
laid it on the table and declared: 

"Here is your ticket." Then, leaving the factory, 
he met one of his friends and boasted, "Thank God 
I am free." 


Kolesnyk's case has been reviewed at the general 
meeting of the sugar workers' union on January 14, 
and a decision was unanimously reached to condemn 
Kolesnyk's act and to exclude him from the proletarian 
union, 

(Visti, January 30, 1930). 


LD. 


PROTESTED BY HANGING HIMSELF 


Oleksander Khyzhynsky was a good friend of mine. I 
taught school with him and his sisters, in the same district. I 
knew the whole family well. They were cultured people, firm 
Ukrainian patriots and fine farmers. 

In 1929 Oleksander graduated in economics from Kiev 
University, and worked as an economist in Kiev. In the winter 
of 1929-30 he was sent to help in the collectivization of the 
farms. What he saw there was too much for him to bear. 
Sensitive and highly impressionable by nature, he protested 
with his whole being against the abuse of the farmers but his 
protestations were a cry in the wilderness. 

In the spring of 1930, before another assignment to the 
villages, he hanged himself one night in the cemetery beside the 
tomb of Askold, overlooking the Dnieper river. 


YAVDOKYM BONDAR 
SUICIDES IN THE RED ARMY 


In the fall of 1933 when I served in the air force division of 
the army training camp in Crimea, reinforcements were sent 
there from the Odessa region and from the city of Odessa itself. 
The new draftees told us of the horrible famine raging all over 
the country, and of the enormous number of deaths. They 
described how whole villages died out leaving the dead unburied, 
and how the sinister black banners waved everywhere. Special 
brigades went from place to place picking up the bodies and 
throwing them into cellars and wells, then heaping dirt over 
them. There was no time to dig graves. 

The young people who still remained on their feet were 
scrawny with large, protruding bellies. At the command to 
Stand at attention the new recruits could not pull in their 
stomachs. They suffered perpetually from hunger, and wrote 


409 


letters home pleading for food parcels and complaining to the 
company newspapers about the poor army food. 

The complaints were ignored by the Political Commissar 
of Aviation. As to the parcels, if anyone did happen on rare 
occasions to receive one the authorities threw it in the garbage 
and summoned the recipient for a severe lecture. Among other 
things he was told by the so-called political instructors, frothing 
at the mouth with rage, of how a Soviet soldier knew why he 
was serving in the army and whom he was defending, while 
capitalist armies were paid and had no idea why they were 
fighting, but that capitalism had dug its own grave and if only 
the "cornrade soldiers" would work harder everything would be 
all right. 

No one dared contradict such views, but from time to time 
a fitting reply was expected. Those who listened in silence, 
were noted down and later thoroughly investigated as to who 
they were, the kind of families they carne from, etc. 

Suicides were frequent among the Red Army soldiers. An 
acquaintance of mine, Kovalenko, shot himself; another, whose 
name I have forgotten, a chauffeur, also killed himself and a 
friend of mine went insane. One fellow's attempt at suicide was 
foiled by the officers. A Moldavian, whose name was Korotyan, 
was overheard discussing the famine and he disappeared no one 
knew where. 


BREAKING MACHINERY 


There have been cases in the Pavlohrad district 
of kurkuls breaking heavy, expensive machinery. 
In Blyzneshchane and other districts the kurkuls 
broke all their machinery and sold it for scrap iron. 

(Pravda, February 2, 1930). 


1. MEDVYNETS 


BURN MACHINERY RATHER THAN GIVE IT TO 
COLLECTIVE FARMS 


In the village of Medvyn, in the Kiev region, when the 
collective farms were taking away all the farmers' machinery, 
including that of the poor farmers, one poor farmer protested. 
He owned a very good millet-grinding machine and a winnower, 
which were to be appropriated by the collective farm. 


410 


"I would rather see these machines burn in my own stove 
than give them away for nothing," he declared. Then he broke 
them up and actually used them for firewood. Many other 
farmers did likewise with the machines they had. 


411 


CHAPTER VM. 


THE GROWING CONFLICT BETWEEN THE 
COLLECTIVE FARMERS AND THE GOVERNMENT, 
THE COMMUNIST PARTY OF UKRAINE AND THE 
ALL-UNION COMMUNIST PARTY, AND BETWEEN 
UKRAINE AND MOSCOW. 


In 1930 and 1931, when the government was waging a 
fierce "class" war against the kurkuls, collectivization was 
fundamental complete. All farmers had, in one way or 
another, been driven into collective farms. Those who re- 
mained outside were, as the Soviet press termed it, just “ku r- 
kulrelics" who did not count because they played no major 
role in rural political or economic life. 

Still the "class" war, as Stalin himself agreed at the Plenum 
of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet 
Union on January 7, 1933, not only did not diminish but, on the 
contrary, gained momentum. Against whom was the "class" 
war fought in the later years of 1932-33? Аз has been revealed, 
it was carried on for the most part inside the collective farms, 
either against individual collective farmers or against whole 
collectives. What, then, were the reasons for this? 

It seems that 1931 was the crisis year, not only because all 
the farmers had by then been forced into collective farms and 
complete collectivization had been inaugurated but because the 
collective farmers themselves had undergone an unusual psy- 
chological change. They now realized the duplicity of the 
government and this aroused strong anti-collective feelings. 

‘They saw that no matter how they had entered the collective 
farms,whether voluntarily or by coercion, or how much property 
they had brought in they were nothing more than just so much 
manpower, automatons who had no say regarding their work 
and no right to the fruits of their labor. All produce was 
appropriated by the state and they, and their fatnilies were 
continually in a state of semi-starvation. They did not have 
enough bread, their taxes remained the same as before, or even 
rose, and they had no shoes or clothes. 


413 


They lost all faith in collectivization, and took no interest 
in their work. Without conspiring or plotting they went on a 
so-called "Italian strike." They carne to their jobs, but put in 
the days without any attempt to work. Fields were left 
uncultivated, unseeded, overgrown with weeds and the produce 
was not gathered in. Livestock was neglected and died. This 
"strike" was supported by all collective farmers, regardless of 
whether they had formerly been poor, middle or rich farmers. 
The government raved and placed all the blame on the "kur- 
kuls” and their "agents," but that did not solve the situation. 

The real danger to the Central Government in Moscow 
came when the "strike" in Ukraine was joined by the local go- 
vernments, heads of the village Soviets and collective farms, 
Communist representatives from District Party organizations, 
and even from the Regional Committees and the very Central 
Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine itself. 

This was a natural phenomenon. Prior to complete 
collectivization in Ukraine the affairs of agriculture had been in 
the hands of the Communist Party of Ukraine which now lost its 
former, and even provisional, autonomy. Now everything was 
centralized under the complete jurisdiction of Moscow, the 
Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party. The 
Communist Party of Ukraine became just a figure-head and the 
executor of Moscow's orders. All seeding plans, collecting 
plans for grain and other products were sent ready-made, and 
the Communist Party of Ukraine had no right to correct or alter 
these plans in any way to suit local specifications. All the plans 
had a most brutal, colonial aspect. Moscow was killing the 
goose which had been laying the golden eggs for her. These 
Moscow-laid plans were frustrated in Ukraine, and collapsed. 
Strong antagonism was growing within the Communist Party 
of Ukraine towards the Central Committee and the All-Union 
Communist Party in Moscow. 

The Ukrainian Communist Party was constantly purged 
by Moscow. Many village, district and regional Party directors 
were dismissed from their posts, tried, convicted of rightist 
opportunism, Ukrainian nationalism, and were replaced b; 
Russian commissars, but it was all of no avail. 

A secret alliance sprang up between the Ukrainian collective 
farmers and Ukrainian Communists. The final stages of the war 
for Ukrainian wheat had arrived in the year 1932-33, when one 


414 


of the opponents — centralist Moscow or the Ukrainian farmers 
— had to win. And Moscow won. With the greatest, most 
horrible man-made famine in world history it wore down Ukrai- 
nian resistance. 


THE FARMERS TAKE NO INTEREST IN THE 
WORK OF COLLECTIVE FARMS 


Yesterday's individual farmers sat in the collec- 
tive farms. They were experienced in farming small 
tracts of land, but had no knowledge of how to run a 
large collective establishment. 

Grave errors and faults were found in the work 
of the collective farms during the initial stages of their 
existance. The work was badly organized and 
discipline was lax. In many collective farms the 
income was divided not according to the number of 
work-days, but according to the number of months a 
man had to feed. Often a lazy man received as much 
as a hard, conscientious workers. In view of this 
inefficiency in the collective farm managements the 
workers’ interest waned. Absenteeism prevailed even 
in the busiest seasons, so that many fields were left 
fallow. Cultivation of land was haphazard. 

The neglect of horses and farm machinery and the 
lack of a feeling of responsibility for the work done 
weakened the collective farms and reduced their 
incomes. 


(History of the All-Union Communist Party. 1945, p. 302 
[in Russian). 


I. D. (Geologist) 


COLLECTIVE FARM WHEAT ROTTED IN THE FIELD 


This occurred in the summer of 1930 in the village of Uspe- 
niwka, Andriyiwka district, Mariupol region, situated east of 
Andriyiwka, on the way to the hamlet of Soroka. 

As a geologist I worked with a group which was then 
conducting research work in Andriyiwka and Soroka. I 
travelled several times a week past the Uspeniwka village and 
its collective fields of wheat stretching between the village and 
the highway. 

In May the fields looked beautiful and were a pleasure to 


415 


behold, with their neat rows of strong, healthy shoots carefully 
weeded. 

Later in the summer the luxuriant stalks formed heads and 
these filled and ripened. When the wheat was ripe, the fields 
looked like the finest wheat field of a good farmer. 

Then the wheat was reaped, tied into sheaves and stooked. 
So far everything was fine. The work was all done by the keen, 
experienced hands of the collective farmers in the newly formed 
collective. 

And then? I have never been able to understand why the 
wheat was not threshed, whether it was lack of time, shortage 
of help, absence of good management or simply no interest in the 
matter on the part of the collective farmers. I think the latter 
was the real reason because all knew that immediately after 
threshing government agents would be around to collect the 
grain, and so they did not care whether it was threshed or not. 

Soon frequent rains set in. The wheat sheaves because wet 
and sprouted. The stooks were covered with a thick green 
growth on top, while the straw underneath turned black. 

The last time I passed the fields in August the wheat stooks 
were a sorry looking mess, resembling green-topped manure 
piles. 

Here are documents showing how from the very outset of 
collectivization and de-kurkulization a tendency towards 
opposition was developing in certain Ukrainan Commun: 
groups, and they attempted to protect individual farmers in 
their particular localities who were subject to de-kurku- 
lization. There were many such instances. The Soviet 
press wrote about them, condemning them as “rightist opportu- 
nism”. 





WE HAVE NO KURKULS 


In the Kaharlyk district, the largest in the Kiev 
region, rightist opportunist tendencies have been 
noted in the taxation and the grain-collecting policies 
All the directors, down to the District Party Commi- 
ttee secretary, encouraged the kurkul line. “We 
have no kurkuls. We have only farmers,” they 
flatly stated. Consequently, the District Land De- 
partment has sanctioned the sale of the kurkuls’ 
land. The kurkuls are farming large sections of 








416 


2] 


vy 
s ugs utu sued be od ger T | 


\ 

radddandy yapitdey ` 

р е i Nuvi = ван 
guapo vero aint e [ic rre ed 

= BRU D9&QOKOUIG yen ÁZWNOUGNDU "ией 
чийх2би wmivtaode duds WAHXTo.L^/MdZM r/vyaduuc 

eee tee ty ©иизибиич ddn Тадич $ fumed ияҮсЈот E 


arte Н - 
r наа is sutii Еа а x 
ü 








Mo tz 'Lu.ut'&uwe d 


5 ау 


Demand for weekly reporis on the kurkuls 


|^ p АНЯ 
, 3 E. 


>e 


417, 


land and do not pay taxes. The collective farms are being 
corrupted by kurkuls who cynically declare that 
they are collective farmers and therefore must be 
exempt from taxes. The grain-collecting objectives 
are not attained. 

According to the regulation of the Regional 
Party Committee the District Party Committee 
secretary has been removed from his position. Many 
saboteurs have been indicted. A repeat purge of the 
district apparatus is in the offing. 

(Pravda, October 9, 1929). 


NO KURKULS IN THE VILLAGES 


The situation on the collectivization front is less 
than satisfactory. The subordinate government and 
Party ruling bodies in the villages and districts have 
been thoroughly infiltrated by rightist opportunists 
who frustrate Party plans. 

The Committee of Poor Farmers are often headed 
by saboteurs, and become hostile organizations. 

The head of the Petriwka village Soviet, in Be- 
rezany district, Shevchenko, stated, “We have no 
kurkuls and do not know how to carry on a class 
war.” 

The head of the Oleksandiwka village Soviet, and 
the head of the Committee of Poor Farmers also 
declared, “We have no kurkuls.” 

The head of the Novo-Petrowska village Soviet in 
the Bilopol district offers advice to farmers who 
are threatened with “tough assignments.” 

The head of the Fontan village Soviet declared, 
“We have no kurkuls in Fontan and therefore no 
one on whom to impose the stiff plan of self-imposed 
taxes, while the shock brigades are boys’ games and 
we have no time for such nonsense.” 

(Excerpts from the editorial entitled, “Against Opportunism 
in the Soviet Apparatus,” published in Radyanska Ukrayine, an 
organ of the Ukrainian Central Executive Committee, November 
10, 1930). 

Before collectivization began there were very few Commu- 
nists on the Ukrainian farms. According to the general se- 


418 


cretary of the Communist Party of Ukraine, Kosior, there was 
only one Communist in a thousand in the Ukrainian village. And 
from the very outset of collectivization and of the grain- 
collecting plans, the Ukrainian Communist did not justify 
themselves before Moscow. One purge after another was held 
throughout the Party organization of Ukraine, especially in the 
village organizations where, according to early calculations, 14.7 
per cent of the Communists were eliminated in the first purge, 
and as many as 28 per cent in some districts. 

Communist workers from cities and towns were sent to 
replace them but this was of little avail. Coming among people 
long abused and terrorized these newcomers were often so moved 
by the plight of the farmers that they defended them and 
opposed Moscow's centralized plans. 

After three years of collectivization whole groups, as well 
as individual Communists, joined with kurkulism and 
Petlyurism. Then a new order was issued from the center, 
a new purge of the village organizations had to be conducted 
and those purged must be deported as "politically dangerous." 


UKRAINIAN VILLAGES ARE SHORT 
OF COMMUNISTS 


Notwithstanding the fact that a great majority of 
the members of the Communist Party of Ukraine are 
proletarian, the Ukrainian farm organizations are 
weak. Of the total farm population of 25 million there 
are only 3,000 Communist centers and only 25,000 


Communists active in agriculture. In 1,250 state farms 
there are only 222 Communist centers numbering 
2,634 Communists. In the 4,037 collective farms 
there are 174 Communist centers with 1.800 Commu- 
nists. 

The proportion of farm laborers in the Communist 
Party is insignificant, amounting to only 10.1 per cent. 

In spite of the great and positive work done 
recently by the Ukrainian farm organizations, such 
as collectivization and grain-collecting, there are many 
cases of corruption of the subordinate farm and 
Komsomol organizations who have lost their class 


419 


420 


feeling and have united with the kurkul element. 
There are thousands of instances of rightist leanings. 


(From a resolution of the Plenum of the Central Committee 
following Kosior's speech, Pravda, November 29, 1929). 


THE COMMUNIST PARTY IN UKRAINE 
IS PURGED 


(From a resolution of the Plenum of the Central 
Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine, 
following a speech by Zatonsky). 

1. The Plenum of the Central Control Committee 
of the Communist Party of Ukraine declares that the 
results of previous purges and inquiries into the 
Communist Party of Ukraine fully support the expe- 
diency of the November resolution of the Ceniral 
Committee of the All-Union Commuaist Party and 
the 16th Party convention held in connection with 
the general check and purge of the Party. To replace 
the purged foreign elements the Party must be 
replenished with proletariat cadres, mainly workers 
and laborers, vital for raising the Party's fighting 
i lity to solve the most complicated 
tasks of reconstruction. 

3. The Plenum of the Central Control Committee 
notes that former results of the purge of the Commu- 
nist Party of Ukraine (eliminated in soviet centers 
8.1 per cent, in farm organizations 14.7 per cent, in 
the army 4.6 per cent, government official 1.3 per 
cent) reveal the corruption of the Partv ranks by 
social foreigners who managed to conceal their past 
and usurped power; setting up a bureaucracy they 
acted to obstruct socialist reconstruction. 

(Visti, October 30, 1929). 





UKRAINIANS ARE MISTRUSTED, 
INVESTIGATED AND ELIMINATED 


An investigation of the subordinate apparatus in 
Ukraine has revealed great corruption. It is sufficient 
to say that in the 119 districts investigated, numbering 
39,000 Communists, 4,250 members have been expelled 
from the Party — 10.8 per cent. The figures for 


separate regions are, Mariupol 16.8 per cent, Kherson 
28 per cent. 

Those expelled are: — 18.2 per cent for their 
connection with the kurkuls, 14.8 per cent for 
distorting the class line, 9.9 per cent for bureaucracy, 
9.9 per cent for sabotage and 8.2 per cen: of those who 
were former landowners, росе officers and indusria- 
lists. 

The Central Committee of the Communist Party 
of Ukraine is sending 4,000 workers from factories io 
replace all those eliminated, and the professional 
unions are sending 1,000. In addition, poor and de- 
mobilized Red Army men may be used as reiniorcc- 
ments. 

(Pravda, November 18, 1929), 


PURGING THE PARTY OF “PETLYURISTS” 


Considering the fact that in many districts, 
especially during the collectivization period, whole 
groups and individual Party center officials from many 
Party organizations united Petlurism, with kur- 
kulism, making such Communists and Party organi- 
zations actual agents of the class enemy, which is vivid 
proof of a total severance of these Communists and 
centers from the poor and middle masses, the Central 
Committee and the Central Control Committee of the 
Communists Party of Ukraine resolve to conduct an 
immediate purge of the farm organizations who openly 
sabotage the grain-collecting plans and undermine the 
workers’ trust in the Party. 

In order to strengthen the farm Party organiza- 
tions, increase their fighting power, mobilize the Party 
organizations and the huge working masses for the 
task of doubling this year's grain collecting plans, 
greatly reduced from those of last усаг, to stroagt! 
the collective farms organizationally and econemicaliy 
and commence preparations for the spring seeding, 
plans must be approved to purge farm organizations 
of the Snihuriw and Frunziw districts, in the Odessa 
region, and the Solonyanka, Vasyliwka and Lepetynka 
districts in the Dniepropetrovsk region. 





421 


The purge will free the Party of elements hostile 
to Communism, who are perpetuating the work of the 
kurkuls and who have usurped positions they are 
incapable of handing in carrying out Party policies in 
agriculture. 

The purged are to be deported as "politically 
dangerous." 

(Visti, November 18, 1932), 


The following documents show how, in different districts, 
heads of the Party leaders were flying because of so-called 
‘opportunism’ or of attempts to point out to the central govern- 
ment the impracticability of its plans. This ‘opportunism’ was 
greatly in evidence at the beginning of 1932, when the horrible 
famine raged in Ukraine. 

As a result of the findings of the inquiries held into the 
grain-collecting opposition, as one document shows, 34 persons 
out of a total of 80 were expelled from the Party. 

Another document is evidence of the prosecution of the 
Central Committee agents, old Communists since 1919-21 and 
veterans of the people’s war. They were punished for inactivity 
and support of the “kurkul sabotage.” 


SUBORDINATE PARTY MEMBERS HIT FOR 
RIGHTIST OPPORTUNISM 


Officials of the Nova-Ukraina district, disregard- 
ing the Central Committee resolution have, with their 
loose talk about intangible grain-collecting plans and 
their opportunist tactics, brought disorder to the 
district Party organization and to the mobilization 
of the collective farm masses. The Central Committee 
resolves: 

To discharge the secretary of the Nova-Ukraina 
Party organization — Sherapov. 

To discharge the head of the District Executive 
Committee — Hrechka. 

To discharge the head of the District Control 
Commission — Pototsky. 

They are to be severely censured and given a 
warning. The Bureau of the District Committee is to 
be censured. 

(Resolution of the Central Committee of the 


422 


Communist Party of Ukraine. January 14, 1932). 

To approve the motion of the head of the 
workers’ tractor center to remove two Machine- 
Tractor Stations, in Dobrovelychkiwka and Kryvo- 
ozerske districts, which failed in their collecting plans, 
to other districts. 

To discharge the secretary of the Tarashchane 
District Party secretary, Duda; the head of the 
District Party Committee, Holtniw; a mernber of the 
District Control Commission, Tyurkin; and also to 
expel them from the Party and indict them. 

To discharge Prohhorenko, the head of ihe Ba- 
banka District Executive Committee, and bring his 
case for review before the Central Control Commission. 

(Resolution of the Central Committee, January 
15, 1932). 

The Vradiewka Party organization has failed in 
important agricultural economic assignments. Its 
grain collecting plans were only 76 per cent completed, 
while the fund-collecting campaign was only 72 per 
cent completed. It has not given adequate leadership 
in the collective farm movement, has wholly neglected 
the meat collecting plan, made no preparation for the 
re-election of the soviets and completely neglected 
spring seeding preparations. 

For lack of sufficient activity in the war against the 
hostile line of the rightist opportunist leadership and 
for permitting false reports of the grain collecting 
plans: 

The secretary of the District Party Committee, 
Pidruchenko; the head of the District Executive 
Committee, Korol, and the District Party Committee 
organizer, Ivanushkin, are to be discharged from 
their posts and their cases brought before the Central 
Control Commission. 

The District Party Committee Bureau and 
factions of the District Executive Committee are to be 
severely censured. 

The head of the District Collective Farm Center, 
Lubin, and the head of the District Control Commi- 
ssion, Frolov, are to be discharged. 


423 


424 


(Resolution of the Central Committee, January 
17, 1932). 

The head of the Sakhnovshcsyna District Exe- 
cutive Committee, Osadchy, is to be dismissed and 
suspended from official duties for a period of two 
years. The District Party Committee secretary, Voy- 
tsikhovsky, is to be dismissed. The District Party 
Committee organizer, Shurykin, is to be dismissed 
and expelled from the Party. The head of the 
District Control Commission, Ty:tovych, is to be 
dismissed and his case reviewed by the Central 
Control Commission. 

(Resolution of the Central Committee, January 
18, 1932). 

(Visti, January 15 to 20, 1932). 


SUBORDINATE COMMUNISTS 
ARE PUNISHED 


The collective farm “Skovoroda,” of the Zolochiw 
district has been placed on the black list for failing to 
complete the grain-collecting plan. In order to erase 
its black mark the general meeting of the collective 
farmers decided to bring the plan to full completion. 

The collapse of the plan was caused by the 
manager of the collective farm, Ryabukha, a member 
of the Party. 

The collapse of the grain-collecting plan in the 
collective farm “Three Communes" was caused by 
the acting director of the Machine-Tractor Station, 
Party member Kyrylenko, who conspired with the 
kurkuls to hold up the threshing. 

For sabotage of the grain-collecting plans con- 
spiring with the kurkuls, Ryabukha and Kyry- 
lenko will be expelled from the Party. 

(Visti, November 30, 1932). 


In the Okhtyr district the folloving people were 
indicted for selling grain, joining with the kurkuls 
in sabotaging the grain-collecting plans, organizing 
anti-Soviet activities in the collective farm, abetting 
the kurkuls and other counter-revolutionary ele- 
ments: the District Party Committee secretary, Holo- 


vyn; the head of the District Executive Committee, 
Palamarenko; the head of the District Collective 


Farm Center, Oboyan, and Lupenko, the repre- 


sentative of the District Land Department. 





} Ligen! Due g 
jc 11 iemvócr 
чанябузн SUAM Vedi 








:онгуле о Е 
DENE унисивн qLROOÓE Vu 


quee Wet у вв 
us pi na 


ay 
yom 
“бзи 
jesus 
CUN raog 

cot D] BL 


A 


A 


T £ С 
inc : мола Фінна) 
ЕЛАК м г 


ибо ONEN 0923 





Ури Ly vain oo b 


ELE 34 





"нлкони ш нипнхоха! 


mp war ja rogo пеп: 


Ботир Bui ACA 
YmatBiloo. 1070/9 ово: 


uünrvüxa A 7 


(sa hwoxecen ода 984239 
е “Ніевотвоп вкпе 9m NoD = нии 


мен YOUR Y Wb'EpoZAX Vi OMdEM MOSLRI 
iae güceé Ба нөл 
Aside rju evcee om * Canoe оч oh 


COR авнемаейнячоо on вєзапо pose qo 
Танеицозе диозаезита VH em d 


хсоц ya eth 
Тин eai ig 
кач 50 [bores y fS 


И wee 2^ y T 
;otbpa ngo y Зон; g^ 


2 
^ 












Xu 


ume 0 ERU d 





a ns оя TR ^ minds 








A Daughter of de-kurkulized porents works in a collective farm under 


assumed name. 


425 


426 


The grain-collecting plans among the individuzl 
farmers are in a deplorable state. 
(Visti, December 21, 1932). 


COMMUNISTS ARE EXPELLED, BUT GRAIN 
SHORTAGE CONTINUES 


(Resolution of the Party Collegium of the Central 
Control Commission of the Communist Party of 
Ukraine). 

Having heard the speech of the head of the Bila 
Tserkva District Control Commission regarding the 
part taken by the Control Commission in the struggle 
for grain, and the report given by the secretary of the 
Party College of the Dniepropetrovsk Regional 
Commision concerning the findings of the investiga- 
tion revealing opposition to the grain-collecting plans 
from many village workers in the district, the Control 
Commission concludes that the struggle for grain by 
the Bila Tserkva District Control Commission was 
conducted unsatisfactorily. 

Having over 80 Party workers in collective farms 
and Machine-Tractor Stations, the Workers-Farmers 
Control Commission did not include them in the fight 
in the grain-collecting plan against kurkul-or- 
ganized sabotage, and against the hoarders and thieves 
of the collective farm grain. 

Because of inactivity and obvious kurkul sa- 
botage in the district caused by numerous Party 
members and candidates, the grain-collecting plan, 
which had every reason to be completed, has lagged 
far behind schedule. On December 25 only 48.4 per 
cent of the year's objective was reached. 

Notwithstanding the fact that the District 
Control Commission has expelled 34 people from the 
Party for inactivity in the grain-collecting campaign 
it has not raised the matter to a suitable level of 
principle and policy and has not used it in mobilizing 
the whole Party organization to mash kurkulism 
and its influence in the Party and has not completed 
the grain-collecting plan. 

The head of the District Control Commission, 


Bilous, and a member of the Cornmission, Miroshny- 
chenko, are to be discharged. 

Secretary of the Party College of the Central 
Control Commission of the Communist Party of Uk- 
raine, Kiselev. 

(Visti, January 3, 1933). 


EXPELLED FROM THE PARTY IN CONNEC- 
TION WITH GRAIN-COLLECTING PLANS 


(From a resolution of the Party Collegium of the 
Control Commission of the Communist Party of Uk- 
raine). 

Having looked into the matter, and into the 
conclusions of the former representatives of the grain- 
collecting plans, the Party College of the Central 
Control Commission has decided that for inactivity 
and concealment of district organizations who would 
not take steps to break kurkul sabotage in the 
grain-collecting plans: 

1. Y. Kasyan — Party member since 1920, former 
superintendent of the grain-collecting plans in Kon- 
stantyniwka district — is to be expelled from the 
Party. 

2. A. Nahorny — Party member since 1921, vice- 
president of the Dniepropetrovsk Regional plan, 
former superintendent of the grain-collecting plan 
in the Vasylkiw district — is to be expelled from the 
Party and indicted. 

3. W. Sklyar — Party member since 1920, head 
of the Ukrainian Co-operative trade organization, 
former superintendent of the grain-collecting plan in 
the Lopatynka District — is to be expelled from the 
Party. 

4. Bezrodny — Party member since 1919, head of 
the VUS, former superintendent of the grain-collecting 
plan in the Kobelya district — is to be severely 
censured and given a warning. 

5. Dukhonin — Party member since 1921, Lav- 
retsky — Party member since 1920, Vozny — Party 
member since 1924, Popov — Party member since 
1926 — are to be severely censured. 


4277 


Secretary of the Party College (Court) of the 
Central Control Commission of the Communist Party 
of Ukraine — Kiselev. 

(Visti, January 4, 1933). 


SHORTAGE OF GRAIN DUE TO RIGHTIST 
OPPORTUNISM 


The practice of rightist opportunism in the work 
of the Stanislavchyk district characterizes other back- 
ward districts. District leaders have turned repressive 
measures against the class епету into play. 

Krylyna, the director of the District Party 
Committee promised to put pressure on the kur- 
kuls. The village Soviet arrested two kurkuls, 
Holovats and Reniy, for defaulting on their difficult 
assignments, but Krylyna has vouched for them and 
tried to force the village Soviet to exempt them from 
their assignments. The kurkuls fled from the 
village, owing the state 42 cwt. of grain. 

In Ridnytsya village, none of the village Soviet 
members has carried out his contract assignments, 
and the village Soviet head, Burdenko, arbitrarily 
reduced the plans of individual farmers. 

Under the protection of Burdenko who, in turn, 
is protected by the District Executive Committee, the 
kurkuls do not fulfill their difficult assignments 
Now the District Executive Committee is transfering 
Burdenko to the village of Kozlov to fill the position 
of head of the village Soviet. 

(Visti, January 1, 1933). 


As may be seen from evidence presented here, the conflict 
between Ukraine and Moscow grew and became more acute. 
Moscow's colonial, pillaging plans brought an alarming famine 
to most districts of Ukraine, in the spring of 1932. Trying to 
save the situation the Central Committee of the Communist 
Party of Ukraine, having collected documentary evidence of the 
tragic state of affairs throughout all of Ukraine declared, through 
Skrypnyk, Petrovsky and especially Chubar, their protest to 
Moscow at the Third All-Ukrainian Party Conference, held in 
July, 1932, in the presence of the Central Committee of the All- 
Union Communist Party, Moscow's emissaries and members 


428 


of the Politbureau of the All-Union Communist Party, Molotov 
and Kaganovich. The reports and minutes of the convention 
and the speeches of the persons mentioned are not given here, 
but we refer the reader to the works of Hryhoriy O. Kostiuk, 
"Stalin's Purge of Ukraine," where this occasion is described іп 
detail. 

At this convention, Moscow was given due warning that 
should she not change her policy towards Ukraine that nation 
was threatened with a famine many times greater than was 
already in evidence in the spring of 1932. Moscow had every 
Chance of saving Ukraine from the impending catastrophe 
simply by reducing its grain-collecting plans, but this step was 
nottaken. Moscow was afraid that capitulation was threatening. 
her in the face of the opposition of the Ukrainian farmers. 
Rather than that she made certain of the capitulation of the 
Ukrainian farmers themselves, who considered their continued 
existence to be threatened by the most horrible famine the 
world had ever known. 

Immediately after the convention, Moscow made all pre- 
parations to hasten this capitulation and, at the same time, the 
capitulation of the whole Ukrainian nation. By mid-summer of 
1932 the dread famine had spread throughout all the territories 
of Ukraine. 

We give evidence of the organization and preparation for 
the famine, of the different ways in which it made its appearance, 
and of its aftermath in the following part, Part III, of the book. 


429 


PART III 


CHAPTERI 


THE ORGANIZED PREPARATION OF THE FAMINE 


The famine and the deaths from hunger in the villages of 
Ukraine were very well known to Moscow in the spring of 1932. 
Under normal circumstances the Soviet government and the 
Communist party would have been prepared to prevent the 
repetition of a similar catastrophe in the ensuing years of 1932- 
33. The government and the party could have done so, but this 
was not their plan; Moscow required grain, but not the Ukrai- 
nian peasantry; Moscow had forseen an increased sharpening 
in the struggle with the peasantry for grain, and had therefore. 
prepared well in advance all their organizational efforts to 
promote an artificial famine in order to break the resistance to 
collectivization. 

The following was done to accomplish the desired results: 

1) Plans for grain-collections were prepared for Ukraine. 
in spite of the actual state of the harvest yield and of the food 
requirements of the population. Thus, a determined effort was 
made to strip the peasantry of all grain. 

2) A special edict was issued to expropriate the entire 
village economy, including that of the smallest peasant. The 
peasants were forbidden, under pain of death, to utilize the 
products of their toil, regardless of whether they belonged to a 
collective farm or not. 

3) A special law was enacted to establish a commercial 
blockade of the Ukrainian villages in most cf the regions of 
Ukraine. 

4) Special laws were enacted to bind all toilers, workers 
and peasants to specific places of employment. А passport 
system was established to prevent the peasants from seeking 
employment outside their village, thus depriving them of the 
right to procure food from other sources. 

5) Ukraine as a whole, and especially the Ukrainian 
peasantry was placed under a special transportation blockade, 
a depriving the population of opportunities to travel in quest 

ood. 


s 433 


6) The authorities made strenuous efforts to conceal the 
existence of the famine in Ukraine, not only from the outside 
world, but also from other national groups in the USSR. 


EXCESSIVE GRAIN-COLLECTION PLANS 


According to the official estimate, the plan for grain-collec- 
tion in Ukraine was set at 356 million poods, or 78 million poods 
less than was set for 1931, but this was in no sense a concession 
to the peasants. The reduction represented the collection deficit 
for 1931. 

What did such a plan mean to Ukraine? 

During normal times in the past, including even the early 
days of collectivization, the maximum arable area for eight 
cereal cultures (winter and spring wheat, rye, barley, oats, 
buckwheat, millet and corn), consisted of approximately twenty 
million hectares. Of this area winter cereals took about 45 per 
cent. The average combined yield per hectare of all cereals 
consisted of approximately 48 poods, and the total possible 
maximum yield would be about one billion poods 16.8 million 
tons). Of this maximum yield 792 million poods (13.2 million 
tons) was required for local consumption, leaving the surplus 
cf 216 millions poods (3.6 million tons) to be marketed. 

With the completion of total collectivization in 1931, the 
grain yield was below normal The seeding was done in a 
manner that was both careless and untimely, which resulted in 
a poor harvest. Nevertheless, 356 million poods of grain were 
collected by the government. Even this figure was far in excess 
of the maximum stripping of the villages of the bare amount of 
cereals necessary for survival till the next harvest. Thus, over 
150 million poods of cereals were taken over and above the 
minimum needs, with the result that in the spring of 1932 many 
villages and regions found themselves in "economic difficulties." 
In other words, a real famine existed. 

What was the state of affairs in 1932? 

It must be noted that the seeding of about 8.5 million 
hectares of winter wheat and rye was of inferior quality, because 
the soil had not been properly prepared and cleaned of weeds. 
Therefore of the expected harvest of 400 million poods, only 300 
million poods were actually gathered. 

Accerding to the plan 10.5 million hectares were set for the 
seeding of spring cereal crops in the spring of 1932. However, 


434 


by May 151, this.plan collapsed since it was only partially 
fulfilled: wheat — 61 per cent, barley — 78 per cent, oats — 59 
per cent, corn — 30 per cent. Thus, the plan for the planting 
of early cereal crops was completed. The cereals which could 
have been planted later in the spring, such as corn, buckwheat, 
and millet, were put in only to the extent of 50 per cent. Thus, 
of the planned seeding of 10.5 million hectares, only 6.7 millions 
were seeded, bringing a maximum yield of 320 million poods. 

The total yield of eight cereal crops in the year 1932 did not 
exceed 620 million poods of which main food staples, such as 
wheat and rye, accounted for about 370 million poods. The 
foregoing figures are, indeed, deerned excessive; it would be 
safe to say, that this particular harvest was just about 50 per cent 
of the normal, or about 500 million poods. The government- 
planned yield of 11 hundredweights per hectare, also collapsed. 

Even if the harvest yield did result in 620 million poods, 
then, in order to supply the normal consumption needs of the 
population of Ukraine, it was still a 150 million poods short of 
the mark. Despite this fact, the authorities removed 285 
million poods or 80 per cent of the planned 356 million poods. 

Thus the population of Ukraine, instead of having 790 
million poods for normal consumption needs, was left only with 
215 million poods, or less. 

Taking into account the fact that the food requirements of 
the urban population, which consisted of about 7 million, was 
supplied from the official storesouses, the remaining 24 million 
of the rural population was left with but a fraction of supplies 
of food, live stock feed, and seed-grain. It was, therefore, evident 
beyond any doubt, that a state of famine was thus created, and 
this swept the villages and hamlets of the once-rich Ukraine. 

The grain-collection plans were issued from the Centre 
(Moscow) mechanically, merely by taking into account the 
maximum possible yield of a hectare of land, and the total 
number of hectares that could be utilized. Мо attention was, 
paid to the actual state of crops 1ссаПу, to the amount of land 
utilized, and, least of all, to the minimum consumption needs of 
the local population. 


GRAIN-COLLECTIONS FROM THE 1932 HARVEST 


(From a resolution of the Council of Peoples’ Commissars and 
the CC of CPSU). 


435 


436 


On the basis of a victory of the collective farm and 
state-farm system of rural economy over the system 
of individual economy, and the annihilation of the 
kurkul elements in the villages of the USSR, 
together with the development of cereal crop farm 
units, the widening of the seeding areas and the 
growth of mass production of cereal grains, instead of 
600 million poods of grain collected by the state in 
in 1928, and 1,350,000,000 poods in 1930, in 1931, 
1,400,000,000 poods were collected despite 
the drought. 

The plans for grain-collections from different 
republics and countries, were to be designated as 
follows: 

Ukraine — 356 million poods (instead of 434 
millions poods, as per the previous year); Northern 
Caucasus 136 m.p. (154); Crimea — 10 mp. (11); 
Central Black Soil Region — 115 m.p. (128); Tartar 
Republic — 24 m.p. (34); Kazakia — 36 m.p. (57); 
Eastern Siberia — 29 m.p. (32); Central Asia — 22 
m.p. (25); Moscow Region — 27 m.p. (31); Nyzny 
Novhorod — 29 m.p. (33) ; Western Region — 6 m.p. 
(9); Leningrad Region — 4 m.p. (5); Ivaniwska Re- 








Frozen corpses at a Kharkiw cemetary 





gion — 4 mp. (5); Zacaucasia — 4 m.p. (5); Belo- 
russian SSR — 6 m.p. (6); Far Eastern Country — 7 
m.p. 8); Central Volga — 72 m.p. (106) ; Lower Volga 
— 77 mp. (100); Bashkiria — 26 m.p. (39); Ural — 
48 m.p. (71); Western Siberia — 62 m.p. (74). 

Grain-collection to be completed by January Ist, 
and at the latest by January 15, 1933. 

Molotov — Chairman of the Council of Peoples" 
Commissars, 


Stalin — Secretary, CC of CPSU. 
(Visti), May 8, 1932). 





EXTRACTS FROM W. KUBIYOWICH'S ECONOMIC 


GEOGRAPHY OF UKRAINE. 


1. ARABLE LANDS ON THE UKRAINIAN SSR TERRAIN. 
1920 — 24,639,000 hectares, 79 per cent under grain crops. 
1992 — 26.438.000 hectares, 75 per cent under grain crops, or 

approximately 19,826,000 hectares (20,000.000 in round figures) 

р. 381. 





s 


. PROPORTION OF WINTER AND SPRING WHEAT AREA 
1925 — winter cultivation — 4$ per cent 
1935 — winter cultivation per cent. 
(It must be considered 11 en in 1992, the winter wheat 
area consisted of appro: ly 45 per cent, or 9,500,000 
hectares, and the spring wheat area of approximately $5 per 
5$ per cent, or 10,500,000 hectares), page 309. 


APPROXIMATE YIELD PER HECTARE OF ALL CEREAL 
CROP CULTURES 

1931 — 9 hundredweights (54 poods). 

1932 — 8 hundredweights (48 poods). 


PROPORTIONS OF LAND UNDER CEREAL CROP CULTI- 
VATION IN 1930—1934. 


Winter wheat — 25 per cent or 5.000.000 nectares. 
Spring wheat— 12 per cent or 2,400,000 hectares. 
Rye — 22 per cent ог 4400.000 hectares. 
rley — M per cent or 2,800,000 hectares. 
— 13 per cent or 2,500,000 hectares. 

) — 6 per cent ог 1,200,000 hectares. 
— 3 per cent 600,000 hectares. 
— 5 per cent or 1,000,000 hectares. 















ri 


* 








Minet 
«p. 390). 
5. AVERAGE ANNUAL YIELD OF GRAIN FOR YEARS OF 
1931—1935 
Wheat (winter and spring) 6,200,000 tons or 372.000.000 poods. 
R 


уе 3,800,000 tons ог 216,000,000 poods. 
Barley 2,$00,000 tons ог 150,000,000 poods. 
Oats 1,600,000 tons or 96,000,000 poods. 


437 


Millet 1,000,000 tons or 60,000,000 poods. 
Corn (Мане) 1.500.000 tons or 90,000,000 poods. 
Buckwheat 400,000 tons or 24,000,000 poods. 
А total of 16,800,000 tons or 1,008,000,000 poods; in round 
figures 1.000.000.000 poods. 

Ф. 


ANNUAL CONSUMPTION OF OF GRAIN CEREAL PER 


230 kilograms or 15 poods mainly wheat and rye) 
tp. 3 


. GRAIN SURPLUS FOR HARKETING OUTSIDE OF 
UKRAINE. 


2 


Marketing of grain outside of Ukraine declined from the 
average of 8,600,000 tons during 1909—1913, to 9,600,000 tons 
during ihe years of 1932—1934. Therefore ihe normal 
consumption of the popul: of Ukraine required an 
average of 790,000,000 poods, 

p, 396). 


PROPORTION OF RURAL TO URBAN POPULATION IN 
UKRAINE. 








1926 urban population— 5,374,000: rural population — 23,645,000. 
1939 urban population—11,196,000; rural population — 19,764,000. 
(We consider that during the year of 1932, the urban population 
consisted of about 7,000,000 and the rural population of about 
23,000,000 1. DJ. 

(р. 309). 

W. Kubiyowich, Geography of Ukraine and the Adjacent 
Lands, Ukrainian Publishers, Kharkiw—Lwiw, 1943, [in Ukrai- 
nian]. 











M. HRYNKO 
THE PARTY KNOWS WHAT IT IS DOING. 


In the summer of 1932, I was transferred, as an engineer- 
€conomist, to the Kharkiw District Grain-Collection Committee. 
The Committee was managed by a Communist, Abraham So- 
lomonowich Nus, a semi-literate, ambitious individual, but 
possessing a party card. 

On the orders of Nus, I was to compile a balance sheet of 
the food products of the District, based upon the official reports 
of the regional committees, with a view to estimating the 
possible surpluses to be transferred to the State. The following 
day, after I delivered the completed balance-sheet, Nus called 
me to his office and stated: “Your balance sheet is out of order. 
The amounts of food products shown by you as designated for 
transfer to the State, are too small. We must take more out of 
the District." In order to bolster his assetrion he produced and 


438 





read to me a letter from the Regional Committee of the CP(B)U, 
in which it was stated, how much and what cereal grains must 
be delivered to the State by our district. 

I began carefully to point out to Nus that perhaps there 
was some mistake, because of this demand of the 
Regional Committee were carried out, then 
intwoorthree months the population would 
be left without food and would die of starva- 
tion, whereupon we would, certainly, be pu- 
nished. 

"Are you going to teach me what to do and how to do it? 
Figures of the amount of food products to 
be transferred to the State have been given 
by the Regional Committee —it is an order 
ofthe Party and the Government; They know 
what they are doing. It is not up to us to teach them. 
These figures have to be met at all costs," said Nus, admonishing 
me. He calmed down and told me take the figures of the 
Regional Committee as a basis for compiling another balance 
sheet showing which grains and the amounts to be designated 
for each locality, as well as to prepare an order to the local 
committees for delivery to the villages... 

I was convinced that this order of the Regional Committee, 
was consciously calculated to precipitate a state of starvation 
among the peasant population. I could not participate in this 
utterly inhuman design. I begged Nus to write to the Regional 
Committee, and ask them to review their order or to relieve me 
of my duties, and thus I extricated unexpectedly myself from the 
mess... 

After, some time there came news from various localities 
to the effect that the villages were being literally stripped of all 
grain. The months of February and March showed that ту 
prognosis was correct. The capital of Ukraine was filled with 
peasant-beggars pleading for bread. The militia could hardly 
keep up with the removal of corpses. 


THE LAW EXPROPRIATING PEASANT 
HOLDINGS. 


(Resolution of the Central Committee and the Council 
of Peoples’ Commissars on guarding the wealth of 
State enterprises, kolhosps, cooperatives, and 


439 


strengthening of socialist holdings, of August 7, 

1932). 

Of late there have been increasing complaints 
from workers and members of the collective farms, of 
pilfering from loadings on the railroad and water 
transportation, and pilfering of cooperative farm 
property by hooligans and generally anti-social ele- 
ments. There are also increasing complaints of 
threats and violence by the kurkul elements 
against those members of the collective farms who do 
not want to resign, but conscientiously and unselfish- 
ly toil to strengthen them. 

The Central Committee and the Coundil of 
Peoples’ Commissars consider that community 
property, (state, collective farm, and cooperative), is 
the foundation of the soviet system; it is sanctified 
and untouchable, and people, who threaten the wealth 
of the community, are to be regarded as enemies of the 
people, and so a decisive struggle against the 
pilferers of community property, is the prime duty of 
the organs of the soviet government. 

The Central Committee and the Council of 
Peoples Commissars therefore resolved to: 

I. 1. Arrange to have the rail and boat loadings 
classified according to their importance as state 
property and generally guard such loadings. 

2. Use judicial punishment for pilfering of Toadings 
on the rail and water transports, including the 
higher form of social defence — execution by 

firing squads—with confiscation of all property, 

or, as an alternative, under extenuating circum- 
stances, the deprivation of liberty for a term of 

not less than ten years, with confiscation of 
property. 

3. No amnesty is to be granted to culprits who 
have been sentenced for pilfering of property on 
the transportation system. 

II. 1. Arrange to classify according to its importance, 
the property of collective farms and cooperatives 
(crops in the fields, community storage, live stock, 

cooperative stores and warehouses, etc.) as state 


property, and generally strengthen the guarding 
of such property. 

2. Arrange, by forms of judicial repressions for 
pilfering of the collective farm and cooperative 
property, higher form of social defence—execution 
by firing squad — with confiscation of all property, 
under extenuating circumstances, depriving of 
liberty for the term of not less than ten years and 
confiscation of property. 

11. 1. Conduct a determined struggle against the anti- 

social, kurkul-capitalistic elements who use 

threats, violence, or advocate the use of threats 

and violence, against members of a collective 

farm with intent to ruin the collective farm 

These criminals must be placed in the same cate- 
gory as traitors. 

2, Judicial punishment must be applied in defending 
collective farms and members of collective farms 
from threats and violence by kurkul and other 
anti-social elements. The latter should be de- 

prived of liberty for from five to ten years with 
confinement in concentration camps. 

3. No amnesty is to be granted to culprits sentenced 
on these charges. 


MEMBERS OF THE COLLECTIVE FARMS 
SENTENCED AND EXECUTED 


In order to expedite local settlement in matters 
involving acts of crime, and in order to mobilize the 
attention of the wide masses of collective farmers, co- 
operative farmers, cooperatives, and all the active 
soviet element, regional courts should practice the 
system of holding mobile sessions. The Kharkiw 
regional court delegated five such sessions to different 
localities in order to try forty cases. The Odessa 
regional court delegated four such sessions. 

Particularly worthy of notice are cases that have 
been tried in the Harbuzynsky, Dobrovelychkiwsky, 
Rerezinsky and Rayhorod districts, where kurkuls 
were exposed as culprits who systematically pilfered 
grain from the collective farm fields. These class 


441 


42 


enemies of the people, who endeavored to oppose the 
construction of socialism, were sentenced to execution 
by firing squad. 

Proletarian justice properly and rapidly executes 
the directives of the government in these matters; it 
does not brook any indecision. 

There shall be no mercy for pilferers, swindlers, 


robbers, wastrels and speculators. 
(Visti, August 27, 1932). 


According to the reports of the prosecutor of the 
republic, in the village of Chyblyn-Skadiyewsky, in 
Odessa district, kurkul Malchenko was sentenced 
for stealing ten "kip' (stooks of wheat of 60 sheaves 
each) from the fields of the collective farms, "May 
lst" and "Leader" to the higher form of 
social defenseexecution by firing 
squad. 

In the village of Mykhayliwka, in the same district, 
Michael Bily and Ivan Sytkevich were sentenced to 
execution by firing squad for stealing 35 "kip" of 
wheat. 

In the village of Zburiwka, in Holo-Prystansky 
district, kurkul Panas Nimych was sentenced to 
execution by firing squad for stealing six wagonloads 
of grain from the collective farm "Red Star." 

In the village of Orchyk, a mobile session of the 
Supreme Court investigated the matter of pilfering 
collective farm property. A band of semi-kurkuls 
stole the grain off the stooks. From two such stooks 
all the heads were cut off. The court sentenced the 
semi-kurkuls Nestor Bezinov and Sam Prokudylo, 
to terms at an institution of forced labor, Bezhinov to 


five years and Prokldylo to three. 
(Visti, August 27, 1932), 





EXECUTION OF MEMBERS OF KOLHOSPS 
(COLLECTIVE FARMS) 


Orichovsky district, Dniepropetrovsk region. 

In the village of Kopani, kurkuls and semi- 
kurkuls organized a sp: band of pilferers of 
Antin Bondar, his assistant was kurkul Bordiuk, 








Corpse of famine victim. 


collective farm crops. The leader was kurkul, 
the rest of the brigade consisting of semi-kurkuls 
Mas, Kowalewsky, Boroday, Desenko, and others. 

The arrogance of these pilferers was so great that 
one night, having armed themselves with two sawed- 
off guns, an auger, and sacks, they bore the hole in the 
floor of the granary and took a great deal of wheat. 
The mobile session of the regional court sentenced 
Bondar and Boroday to the higher form of social 
defense—execution by firing squad, while others of the 
brigade were given various terms of imprisonment. 

(Visti, November 30, 1932). 

The mobile session of the Dniepropetrovsk Re- 
gional court investigated the matter of kurkul 
Kozlowsky, of the village of Yakymiwka. He had 
obtained a job as a teamster on the farm of "Lenin's 
Parth," and systematically pilfered the collective farm 
grain and conducted general wrecking activity. Koz- 
lowsky was sentenced to the higher form of social 
defence — execution by firing squad. 

The mobile session of the Odessa Regional court 
sentenced the kurkuls Vasyl and Elisaveta Khar- 
chenko, who had wormed their way into the farm 


443 


"Stalin" belonging to the Hnatiw village soviet, in 
Rozdilniansky district, and had pilfered the collective 
farm crops. The culprits were sentenced to the higher 
form of social defence — execution by firing squad, 


with confiscation of property. 
(Visti, September 14, 1932). 


SENTENCED AND SHOT FOR 
GRAIN COLLECTIONS 


Recently, the mobile session of Dniepropetrovsk 
Regional court tried the matter of counter-revolu- 
tionary sabotage of grain-collections in the village of 
Verebka, sabotage organized by kurkuls and 
wreckers. 

In the dock, besides these traitors, were placed 
Zelensky ; the chairman of the village soviet — Baziy, 
and his deputy — Tkachenko; the chairman of the 
artel “Memory of Lenin" — Malowych; the chairman 
of the artel “Five-year Plan in Four" — Lytwyn, and 
the chairman of the cooperative—Kobets. 

In the dock, beside these traitors, were placed 
nine misers who violently opposed grain-collections 
— Cherniawsky A., Bilych Y., Sachko A., Trotzenko 
P. Bilych U., Dudnyk, Kowal and Zorenko. 

By decision of the court, Zelensky, Tkachenko and 









Kowal were sentenced to eight years’ loss of liberty 
in the far distant camps, and confiscation of property. 

Malowych, Kobets, and Zorenko were given 
suspended sentences; Baziy, Bilokon and Dudnyk 
were sentenced to six years’ loss of liberty. 

The kurkuls Bilych and Trotzenko were 
sentenced to exile in far distant prison camps, for 
terms of ten years each. 

The kurkuls Burko and Bilych, erstwhile 
tenants of Artel “Starlet” were sentenced to five years 
imprisonment in distant concentration camps. 

The kurkuls Cherniawsky, Sachko A., and 
Sachko S., organizers of grain pilfering and counter- 
revolutionary sabotage of grain-collections, were 
sentenced to the higher form of social defence — 
execution by firing squad, with confiscation of pro- 


регу. 





i, February 2, 1933). 


GUARDING FIELDS AGAINST THE STARVING 


The mobile session of Bershad peoples' court, in 
the district of Vynnytsya, sentenced the miser, Olena 
Ivasyn, to five years’ loss of liberty and confiscation of 
property, for the crime of clipping off the unripened 
heads of the winter crops. 

(Visti, June 11, 1933). 


Kolhosp members of Henichewsky district 
grasped the exceptional importance of the struggle to 
guard crops this year and, consequently, organized a 
determined resistance against kurkuls and other 
hostile element who coveted the collective farm crops. 

In “Stalin” commune, a vigilant detachment was 
organized, which carefully guarded its crop. Odarka 
Yarova, a member of this detachment, caught two 
thieves who were mowing wheat. A collective farm 
member, Shashkewych, caught the son of the liqui- 
dated kurkul, Shyshkyn, red-handed while this 
culprit was starting to mow the barley. 

In the collective farm “New Life," of the Novo- 
Olena village soviet, guards composed of better 


445 


members of the kolhosp were detached to guard 
the crops. 

Thye deployed their forces so as to prevent the 
kurkul remnants (hungry — I. D) from stealing a 
single kernel of grain. 

Vigilantes detained a speculator, Michael Zela. 
This matter was tranferred to Henichev Peoples" 
Court and the district militia; despite this, the chief of 

. militia, Kostorkin, did not prosecute Zela. 
ES (Engineer 1. D. Visti, June 28, 1933). 


S WATCH TOWERS ON THE FIELDS. 


In the spring of 1933, while travelling through the villages 
of Pervomaisk, Olshansk, Blahodatniw, Dobrowlychkiw, Har- 
buzyn, and other districts in the northern part of the Odessa 
region, I saw watch towers all over the fields. They stood at 
every point where crops or gardens were planted. These watch 
towers came into being as a result of the law, promulgated, 
July 2, 1932, regarding “Guarding of Socialist Property." They 
were constructed in much the same manner as the watch towers 
in concentration camps. 

If the field was clear, the watch tower was made of four 
high poles stuck in the ground, with a wooden or straw cage at 
thetop. There was a long ladder from the ground to the cage. 

If there was a tall tree in the field, then two or three tall 
poles would be erected beside it and a cage set amongst the 
branches. If the field happened to be alongside a woodlot, a 
watchtower would be placed on the nearest tall tree, and if there 
was an oak tree with large branches, a cage would be set 
amongst the branches. 

In the cages of these watchtowers there sat armed collective 
farm vigilantes, guarding the crops from people. During seed- 
ing and the planting of vegetables, these vigilantes watched the 
fields to discourage the hungry from recovering and consuming 
the planted seeds. In summer, when crops and vegetables 
ripened, the vigilantes guarded the fields to prevent the collective 
farm members from clipping the grain heads. 

1f some of the hungry were caught retrieving the planted 
vegetables or clipping the grain heads, they were shot at and 
frequently killed. 

Thus, the Soviet State diligently guarded its wealth, the 


446 


collective farm fields, from hungry people and members of the 
Collective farms, and taught them to respect Soviet laws. These 
watchtowers existed for several years, and the fields were under 
armed guard until 1934 and possibly until 1935. 


P. ONUKRRIENKO 
YOUNG COMMUNIST KILLED A HUNGRY WOMAN. 


In 1933, on a certain state farm, the workers left a seed 
drill in the field. Scattered beside the seed drill was a quantity 
of formaldehyde-treated seed. 

The following day when the workers returned to the field, 
they found the swollen corpse of an apparently starving woman 
who had been shot during the night. It was not immediately 
known who the woman was nor who had shot her. We 
conjectured that this miserable woman had come to the seed 
drill at night to gather the scattered grain and eat it. 

It only later became known that this woman was killed by 
a young Communist, Borozynets, secretary of the local Young 
Communist cell. Borozynets was making his rounds, guarding 
the seeded fields from the hungry, wandering people. This 
particular young Communist was never brought to justice for 
murder; this was a normal occurrence at that time. 


V. MALY 


GUARDING COLLECTIVE FARMS FROM OWN 
MEMBERS. 


In the spring of 1933, watchtowers for guarding crops were 
being erected all over the grain fields of the village of Druha 
Korulka and in other villages in the Barvenkiw district of Khar- 
kiw region. This was something unheard of since people lived 
and tilled the soil here. When questioned as to why such towers 
were being erected, the peasants usually replied that the "class 
enemy” was not asleep and might set fire to the collective farm 
crops. However, it was still a long time before the harvest. 

Later on the peasants understood only too well for what 
purpose and against whom these watchtowers were erected. 
Armed vigilantes of the collective farm, and even GPU men, 
were detached to maintain a round-the-clock watch over the 
fields and the crops in 1933. Against whom were the fields 
being guarded? 


447 


There were no class enemies — k u r k u l s — at that time; 
they had all been liquidated and exiled to distant places of the 
empire. Only those peasants who were members of the 
collective farms were left in the villages, and of course they were 
dying of starvation. Therefore, in order to save their lives, 
they would be tempted to clip the heads of unripened grain. 

The peasants also understood that those destined to die of 
hunger, must eventually come to such an end. The clipping of 
grain heads for food was tantamount to death. Anyone attempt- 
ing to clip grain inevitably received a bullet.. ` 


P. CHONUSKY 
SHOT, FOR A HANDFUL OF RYE STALKS. 


In the village of Bohdariwka, in Chornius district, Poltava 
region, there lived Hryhory Liashko (people called him Hrisha). 
His father was liquidated as a kurkul and exiled to a 
concentration cadp. Hrisha was thrown out of the family home. 
After some time Hrisha became insane, totally harmless, and 
useless. People fed him and pitied him. 

1933 was a year of terrible famine in Ukraine. Harvest time 
was approaching; the early rye was reaped and stacked. 
Members of the collective farms thought that they could go out 
and glean after the reapers, but that was strictly forbidden by 
the law of “Guarding Socialist Property.” However, the hungry 





Graves of the famine-stricken 


448 


Hrisha had no idea of any such law; he went out to glean, and 
did pick up a few pocketfuls of stalks. 

The collective farm posse, guarding the still unreaped 
patches in the fields, caught Hrisha with the gleanings and 
brought him to the village soviet. The village soviet, under the 
chairmanship of Stepan Kisiliov, held a public trial and, in 
accordance with soviet law, sentenced him to execution by a 
firing squad. 

Hrisha Liashko did not understand what it was all about. 
He clutched his rye stalks and would not let them be taken away. 
When the trial was over, Hrisha was immediately executed on 
the spot. 

This happened before my own eyes... 


NATALKA LYUTAREVICH 


STARVING PEOPLE SENTENCED FOR GLEANING 
AFTER REAPERS. 


It was harvest time in Chornoukhiv, in the Poltava district, 
in 1933. Much of the land was idle, under a thick growth of 
weeds, but the tilled land yielded an abundant crop of wheat and 
rye. The summer was good, with plenty of rain. It seemed as 
though there would be enough to feed the starving peasantry 
and thus put an end to the famine, but the authorities had other 
ideas. 

The first of the threshed grain was taken straight to the 
elevators, Small advances of grain were given only to those 
who worked on the harvest fields. Those who were emaciated 
and unable to work, were left to starve. Their only remaining 
course of action was to try and glean the fields for any left-over 
grain stalks, but, this was forbidden by law. 

One day, when the collective farm members were returning 
home from work in the fields, they noticed a strange sight: a 
group of children, women and men being herded by an armed 
man on horseback. It turned out that the chairman of the 
village soviet, Samiylo Zozulia, had arrested these people as 
criminals, caught stealing the "socialist property of the collective 
farm" and was herding them to the militia station. The "cri- 
minals” were all barefoot, ragged and swollen with hunger: 
they could hardly move their feet. Each one had a sack 
containing some handfuls of grain stems, a prima facie 
exhibit of the crime committed. 


449 


They were met at the station by the chief of the district 
militia, comrade Smushkov, who shouted to Zozulia, "Herd 
them all into the barn and tomorrow we will decide who goes 
where." 

The next day several corpses of dead children were pulled 
out from the barn and handed to the burial brigade to be 
disposed of. The dead were already outside soviet law and 
therefore could not be tried... 


H. F. 


NEARLY SHOT FOR TAKING STEMS OF GRAIN 
FROM HER OWN FIELD. 


I come from the village of Fediyiwka in the Reshetyliw 
district in the region of Poltava. I was ieft with five children 
because my husband was sentenced to a five year term in the 
concentration camp as a result of his participation in the move- 
ment called “Union for the Liberation of Ukraine.” I did not 
belong to the collective farm; I was an individual farm-holder, 
possessing three hectares of land, a horse, and a couple of sheep. 
We slaughtered the hòrse before Christmas of 1932 in order to 
have something to eat. The two sheep and my grain were stolen 
from me by my neighbours. 

However, I did manage to have a boxful of grain buried in 
thegarden. In winter I dug out the grain and cooked it. Icould 
not have this grain crushed because it would have been con- 
fiscated. The vegetables, such as beets and potatoes, that I had 
were confiscated by the "booster brigades" composed of local 
young Communists, activists and teachers, who pillaged the 
village daily with orders to pick up anything edible. 

The grain that I managed to conceal and use sparingly with 
various admixtures, lasted us until April of 1933. When our 
supply of grain was gcne, my children began to swell and die of 
hunger. 

The first was my four year old Hryts. I wrapped his 
remains in a bed sheet and buried him beside our dwelling. 

After that my six year old daughter, Dina, died, and later 
on, my eight year old Oleksa, already a school boy, passed away. 

However the “booster brigades” even then did not leave me 
alone, despite the fact that three of my children had died of star- 
vation. They came to search for food. When they noticed the 


430 


freshly disturbed earth beside my dwelling, they started to look 
for food and asked me what was buried in the ground. I told 
them that my children were buried there but they did not 
believe me, and at once started to excavate one of the graves. In 
doing so they mutilated the remains of my boy Oleksa. After 
convincing themselves that the grave really contained the 
remains of a child, they ceased to excavate. They did not even 
put the excavated earth back, so I had to bury the remains of my 
child again although I was very weak and emaciated. 

I was left with two children who were already swollen from 
starvation. I wandered daily all over the fields in quest of food 
and picked up anything that couuld be eaten, rotten potatoes, 
weends, roots, twigs and sometimes at night even fresh potatoes 
that were planted by the collective farm during the day. I 
brought these things home and boiled them into concoctions for 
eating. I obtained salt from the local cooperative by bartering 
all my pillows and clothes. They did not sell the salt, only 
bartered it for pillows and rags (raw material for export 
purposes). 

In the spring of 1933 the state authorities advanced the seed 
grain to the collective farm and also to the individual farm- 
holders. As one of the individual tillers of land I, too, received 
my share of rye seed grain, Emaciated by hunger and 
possessing no implements or draught animals, I was physically 
unable to plant my share of seed grain, and was therefore 
compelled to enter into an agreement with the collective farm 
whereby they would till my land and seed it for a stipulated 
percentage of the crop yield, to be deducted together with the 
amount advanced as during the harvest. I had two and a half 
hectares seeded in rye. 

About the middle of June, I and my fourteen year old boy 
went to the field to see our patch of rye. I could not take the 
other boy because he was badly swollen. I wanted to clip 
some heads of grain to bring home and cook for but before I 
could do that, the chairman of the collective farm, Stepan Maz- 
nychka, in company with some district representative, began 
beating me and my boy, threatening to shoot me. However, 
they restrained themselves and told me that they would send us 
to the regional authorities. They arrested me and my boy and 
threw us into a village jail. At that time every village was 
required to have a jail but before the revolution nobody ever 


451 


heard of jails except in the district centers. My boy and I were 
thus incarcerated, and a man was detailed to guard us. 

This guard detail was also weak and emaciated and soon fell 
asleep. I decided to escape; I put the boy out through the 
window and after that I walked out of the door past the sleeping 
guard. Then I went home, gathered some sheets, matches, pots 
and the other boy and went away to the Perchiw forest. 

I found a place in the undergrowth so thick that nobody 
would see us. At night I would go out to the fields to steal some 
potatoes or sheaves of grain. We would then thresh the 
sheaves with sticks and cook the grain in the pots. Thus we 
lived in that forest for about a month and a half. My children 
began to improve a little in health. 

When harvesting started, everybody was busy and somehow 
my trouble with the village chairman was forgotten. My 
brothers were also individual land-holders and, by some stroke 
of luck, they were permitted to harvest their own crops. I 
helped them with their work. This gave us an opportunity to 
thresh some grain during the noon hours and bring it home in 
our water jugs. We cooked this grain and thus fed ourselves. 

The individual holders were permitted to harvest their 
crops, but they were not permitted to thresh them. The 
threshing was done in the collective farm. After the grain was 
threshed, and after making all deductions for seed advances, 
services rendered, and the quota for grain collection, it was 
found that there was not enough grain to meet all the require- 
ments, therefore the individual farmers were taken before the 
court and sentenced to three years each for failure to meet their 
quotas. 

I was compelled to join the collective farm where I worked 
and cursed all those who compelled me to join this chain gang, 
toil there, and keep my children undernourished. 


COMMERCIAL BLOCKADE. 


Quite original and interesting are documents dealing with 
the establishment of a commercial blockade in the majority of 
the villages and districts of Ukraine. 

The first of these documents provides not only for stopping 
the supply of consumer goods but also for the withdrawal of 
local supplies of such goods from six villages in the Dniepro- 


452 


petrovsk, Kharkiw and Odessa regions, as a punitive measure 
for failure to meet the grain-collection quotas. 

The second document provides material concerning the 
establishment by the authorities of a similar blockade in eighty- 
two districts of Ukraine, as well as in all those other districts and 
villages that failed to meet the grain-collection quotas. Since 
the majority of districts and villages failed in their quotas, the 
commercial blockade was well-nigh general, affecting the 
majority of the Ukrainian peasant population. 

This meant that the peasant population, deprived of locally 
produced food supplies, had no chance whatever of obtaining 
such supplies as fish, sugar, salt, etc., that had reached the 
villages in limited quantities prior to the blockade. 


THE TOTAL LIQUIDATION OF PRIVATE 
TRADING 


“a under no circumstances permit the opening 
of stores of private merchants and thoroughly root 
out brokers and speculators who are endeavouring to 
profit at the expense of the workers and peasants. 

Due to the fact that, of late, speculation in con- 
sumer goods, (food products — I. D.), is on the in- 
crease, despite the fact that it has been prohibited, the 
Central Executive Committee and the Council of 
Peoples' Commissars, hereby direct the GPU (NKVD), 
the prosecuting organs, and the local authorities to 
enact measures for rooting out speculation by provid- 
ing for the incarceration of culprits in concentration 
camps for terms of five to ten years, without privilege 
of amnesty. 

(Resolution of the CEC and CPC USSR, August 22, 1932. 


BLACK LIST — HUNGER BLOCKADE. 


(Resolution of the Council of Peoples' Commissars and 
the Central Committee of the Communist Party of 
Ukraine, December 6, 1932). 

"Considering the particularly abhorrent failure 
of grain-collections in diverse districts of Ukraine, the 
Council of Peoples’ Commissars and the Central Exe- 
cutive Committee hereby impose upon the Regional 





453 


454 


Executive Committees, Regional Party Committees, 
District Executive Committees and District Party 
Committees the task of smashing the sabotage of grain 
collections organized by the kurkuls and counter-re- 
volutionary elements, of restoring the resistance of 
sections cf rural Communists who literally became 
leaders of the sabotage and of liquidating the passive 
and conciliatory attitude towards saboteurs, incom- 
patible with the task of the Party members, thus 
ensuring a rapid acceleration of tempo towards the 
full and unconditional execution of the plans for grain- 
collections.” 

The Council of Peoples’ Commissars and the 
Central Committee hebery resolve that: 

For evident wrecking of grain-collection plans and 
purposeful sabotage organized by kurkuls and 
counter-revolutionary elements, the following villages 
are to be blacklisted: 

1. Verbka, Pavlohrad district, Dniepropetrovsk region, 

2. Havryliwka, Mezhiw ” 

3. Liutenka, Hadyach district, Kharkiw region, 

4. Kamiany Potok, Kremenets district, Kharkiw 
region, 

5. Swiato-Troyitzke, Troitzky district, Odessa region, 

6. Pisky, Bashtan district. 
Halt the supply of goods immediately, halt the 
lccal cooperative and state trading, and remove all 
visible supplies from the cooperative and state 
stores, 
Prohibit completely all collective farm trading, 
equally for collective farms, members of collective 
farms and individual holders. 
Terminate the advancing of credits, arrange 
foreclosures of credits and other financial obliga- 
tions. 
Examination and cleansing of all foreign and 
hostile elements from cooperative and state appa- 
ratus to be carried out by the organs of the Workers 
and Peasants Inspection. 
Examination and cleansing ‘of collective farm of 
the above villages, of all counter-revolutionary ele- 


ments, organizers of the wrecking of grain-collec- 
tions, to be carried out. 

The Council of Peoples’ Commissars and the 
Central Executive Committee hereby call upon the 
sincere and devoted members of the collective farms 
and on those toiling peasants who are individual 
holders, to organize all their resources for a merciless 
struggle with kurkuls and their henchmen, for 
the defeat of the kurkul sabotage of grain-collec- 
tions in their villages, for honourable, conscientious 
fulfilment of grain-collection obligations to the soviet 
state. 

December 6, 1932, Chairman of the CPC, W. Chu- 


bar, Secretary of the CC Kossior. 
(Visti, December 8, 1932). 


ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMERCIAL 
BLOCKADE. 


(Resolution of CPC and CC of CP(B)U of December 
15, 1932). 

1. Resume, as of December 15, 1932, the supply 
and sales of commercial goods to all villages, except 
those, in which the collections of grain still rei Is in 
an unsatisfactory condition. Supplies to those villages 
are to be withheld until such time as they achieve a 
decisive improvement in plans for grain-collection. 
(List of Districts appended). 

2. Obligate the Regional Executive Committees, 
Regional Party Committees, District Executive 
Committees, to see to it that in those district, where 
normal commercial relations are being resumed, a 
supply blockade is to be maintained against those 
collective farms and members of collective farm who 
purposely deviate from the fulfilment of the grain- 
collection plans, and against individual holders who 
are not fulfilling their contract obligations. 

Chairman of CPC Ukrainian SSR, Chubar, 
Secretary CC of CP(B)U, W. Kossior. 

List of district lagging in grain-collection, to 
which supplies of commercial products have been 
halted until they achieve a decisive improvement 
grain-collectien plans: 





455 


СУЧ PONE NANE 


ene 


436 


DNIEPROPETROVSK REGION 


. Apostolsky 15. Mezhiwsky 
. Bozhedarivsky 16 Mychailiwsky 
. Berdiansky 17. Molochansky 
Upper Dniprovsky 18. Melitopolsky 
Vasylkiwsky 19. Nikopolsky › 
. Vysokopilsky 20. Lower Vasuliwsky 
. Vasylinsky 21. Lower Syrohizky 
. Upper Bilozersky 22. Pavlohradsky 
. Upper Lepetynsky 23. Pokrovsky 
. Upper Tokmakiwsky 24. Soloniansky 
. Kamyansky 25. Terentievsky 
. Kolariwsky 26. Tsarekonstantyniwsky 
. Lychiwsky 27. Yakymiwsky 
. Mahdalynsky 
DON REGION 
. Artemiwsky 6. Rovenetsky 
. Voroshylovhradsky 7. St. Karansky 
. Kramatorsky 8. St. Nikolsky 
. Krasnoluchsky 9. Troitzky 
. Lower Aidarsky 10. Chystiakovsky 
CHERNYHIW REGION 
. Bobruwnytsky 5. Prylutzky 
Upper Bubriiwsky 6. Putywelsky 
. Nedryhailiwsky 7. РотепзКу 
. Nosiwsky 8. Warwariwsky 


ODESSA REGION 


. Bastansky 9. 
Upper Vyskivsky 10. 
Wradiyevsky 11 
Upper Alexandrivsky 12. 
Dobrovelychkivsky 13. 
Zhovtneviy 14. 
Domanivsky 15. 

. Kryvoozersky 


. Karl Liebkchnechtiwsky 


Liubashivsky 


. Novo-Buzky 


Novo-Odesky 
Snihurivsky 
Troyitzky 
Frunzivsky 


KHARKIW REGION 


. Balaklievsky 4. 
. Bryhadyrsky 5. 
Upper Pysarivsky 6. 


Upper Bohachansky 
Valkiwsky 
Hadiayzky 


7. Krasnopilsky 15. Novo-Georgievsky 


8. Kobeliatzky 16. Obolonsky 

9. Kyshenkivsky 17. Oleksiyivsky 

10. Lochvytsky 18. Onopriyivsky ` 

11. Lypovo-Danylivsky 19. Petrivsky 

12. Novo-Wodolazivsky 20. Reshetylivsky 

13. Novo-Sanzarivsky 21. Sachnovshchansky 
14. Nechvoroshchansky 22. Trostiansky 


"PASSPORTS — A BLOW AGAINST CLASS ENEMIES" 


In order to prevent the starving peasantry from abandoning 
the villages, as well as to prevent the so-called kurkuls, who 
escaped exile by abandoning the villages; also to trap those who 
escaped from the concentration camps, and, last but not least, 
to prevent the hungry peasantry from settling in urban centres 
to seek employment, the soviet authorities established a system 
of so-called “passportization.” This was more than а mere 
identity card, since it required permission for a change of 
dwelling, permission that was stamped and countersigned by 
the local authorities. Thus the Soviet authorities made a de- 
termined endeavour to stop the mass migration of the peasantry 
from famine-stricken Ukraine. The passport system also gave 
the authorities a chance to initiate a mass terror and persecution 





Famine oedema 


of that section of peasantry who, until this time, had cunningly 
evaded the long arm of Soviet jurisprudence by wandering from 
place to place. Examples of persecution of the peasantry by 
means of passports have been given in earlier documents and 
in the documents to follow. 

Another Soviet law, of equal importance, enacted prior to 
the passport law, was the law securing all factory and office 
workers to their place of employment by issuing the so-called 
“shopping books,” binding the holder to certain cooperative 
stores designated to serve the needs of the werkers of one 
particular factory or ancther. The customer was required to 
produce such a book for every article he purchased. These 
shoping bocks served almost the same purpose as the passports; 
they were designed to obtain an additional measure of control 
ever the workers, and, at the same time, extend control over the 
peasantry. 


THE SINGLE PASSPORT SYSTEM 
THROUGHOUT USSR. 


With the aim of improving the census of urban 
population, the workers’ quarters, and to relieve the 
said places of persons unconnected with production 
and positions in offices or schools, or not performing 
any useful community service (with the exception of 
invalides and pensioners), and also with the aim of 
clearing the said populated places from concealed 
kurkul, criminal, and other anti-social elements, the 
Central Committee and the Council of Peoples’ 
Commissars hereby resolve to: 

“1, Establish throughout the USSR, a single pass- 
port system. 

2. Introduce a single passport system with binding 
domicile throughout the entire USSR within 1933, 
introducing this system, in the first place, for the 
population of Moscow, Leningrad, Kharkiw, Kiev, 
Odessa, Minsk, Rostov-on-Don and Vladyvostok. 

3. Commit the Council of Peoples Commissars of 
the Soviet Union to establish a period of time for the 
introduction of the passport system in the remaining 
urban centers of the USSR. 

4. Instruct the governments of the union republics 


to introduce their own legislation, conforming to this 
decision regarding passports.” 


Conditions Governing Passports 

“1. All citizens of the USSR, sixteen years and 
over, permanently residing in the cities, workers" 
quarters, employed by transportation systems, state 
farms, and construction projects, must have passports. 

2. In places where the passport system is in- 
troduced the passport is the sole document to be used 
in identifying the person of the bearer. All other 
documents and certificates of identity, proving the 
right to domicile, are hereby cancelled as obsolete. 

Passports are to be produced on the following 
ocasions: 

a) Registrations of passport bearer (Domicile estab- 
lishment). 

b) Securing employment at an enterprise or office. 

c) On demand of militia or other administrative 
organs. 

3. In places where passportization has already 
been established, a recording of domicile is mandatory. 

Citizens, who change their place of residence 
within cities where a passport system is already in 
operation, or those who are returning to such cities, 
are required to submit their passports to the domicile 
management within 24 hours, in order to secure 
domiciliary approval from the militia. 

4. Persons under 16 years of age, who are wards 
of the state (orphans, etc.,) are to be entered in 
registers conducted by the proper institutions. 

5. For army officials who are in military service in 
the ranks of the Workers and Peasants Red Army, 
special documents in lieu of passports will be issued by 
the proper military command. 

6. Passports are issued by the Workers and 
Peasants Militia. To citizens permanently residing in 
populated places where passportization has been in- 
troduced, passports are to be issued without the 
formality of application forms, but citizens who are 
intending to reside at such places must fill out an 
application for a passport. 





459 


460 


7. Newly arriving persons are to be issued tempo- 
rary certificates, in lieu of passports, valid for three 
months. After the expiration of this term they mar 
be extended for an additional three months... .... 


an Persons who are required to possess passports 
but who lack either a passport or a temporary 
certificate, are liable to an administrative fine of up to 
100 rubles. 

Citizens arriving from other places, without 
passports or temporary certificates and failing to obtain 
same within the time alloted according to instructions, 
are liable to a fine of 100 rubles and banishment by the 
militi 








12. For illegal residence without approved pass- 
ports or temporary certificates, and also for contraven- 
ing regulations regarding approvals, the guilty persons 
are liable to an administrative fine of 100 rubles. For 
repetition of the said contraventions, the guilty persons 
are liable to criminal charges. 

(Decision of the CEC and the CPC of USSR, 
December 27, 1932). 


PASSPORTIZATION IN UKRAINE. 


(Decision of the All-Ukrainian Central Executive 
Committee and the Council of Peoples’ Commissars 
of January 1, 1933). 

On the basis of the decision of the CC and the 
CPC of USSR of December 27th, 1932, AUCC and the 
CC hereby resolve to: 

1. Establish a single passport system... on all 
terrains of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic 
during 1933, covering first of all the cities of Kharkiw, 
Kiev and Odessa. 

2. Establish a single passport system in the City 
of Kharkiw and the adjoining boroughs; in the Zolo- 
chiw, Lypetzke, Staro-Saltivsky, Chuhuyevsky, Zmi- 
yivsky, Novo-Wodolazky, Walkivsky, and Bohodu- 
chiwsky districts of the Kharkiw region, commencing 
the 1st day of January and ending not later than April 
1st, 1933. 


In the cities of Kiev and Odessa and their 
adjoining terrains, passportization is to commence on 
March Ist, 1933 and is to be completed during a period 
of three months. 

3. Obligate the administrative chiefs of the 
Workers and Peasants Militia to issue passports in 
accordance with the instructions of the CC of USSR, 
to citizens 16 years and over, who are permanent 
residents of cities and of large settlements, of workers" 
settlements, and those employed by transportation 
systems, on state farms and newly-constructed projects 
where a single passport system is being established. 





SEMEN MODUL 


PASSPORTIZATION — A BLOW AGAINST, 
CLASS ENEMIES. 


We had six hectares of land, a horse, and a cow. Our family 
consisted of seven persons, our mother, and six children. We 
lived in Bila Tserkva districts, in the village of X (I omit the 
name of the village for fear of reprisals upon relatives who may 
still be alive — S. M.). In 1930 we were liquidated as kur- 
kuls and were to be exiled but we scattered, thus escaping. 
After wandering for three years I managed to get a job as a 
miner in Kryvy Rih. I had a military document, but it was 
stolen in the dormitory where I lived. 

Then came passportization. А profusion of posters dis- 
played a murderous slogan — "Passportization — a 
mortal blow against the class enemy." Two 
months passed from the beginning of passportization. The 
majority of workers had their passports already, but I did not 
have one because I had no document on the basis of which I 
could obtain a passport. I was afraid that I would be thrown 
out on the street and perish of hunger. It was dangerous to go 
back home for some documents, but I simply had to; there was 
no other way out. I took a week's leave from work, bought a 
loaf of bread for 40 rubles and started home. 

Arriving at Bila Tserkva, I went straight to the local 
military command and told them what I wanted. The officer 
commanding looked at the file and asked: “Kurkul?” “Not 
me, my mother was,” I ventured an alibi, "And why were you 





461 


not filed accordingly in 1930? A deserter?" Bring me a 
certificate from the village soviet regarding your social status," 
the chief ordered. 

Late that evening I arrived at the village and went to my 
brother's house. I found the windows boarded up and the 
doors, too. I peeked in through the door and there was my brother, 
and his wife and 8 months old baby; they, too, had come from 
Donbas two days before to look for documents. 

The following day my brother and I went to the village 
soviet, but they told us that they did not issue any certificates to 
kurkuls. We were turned away with nothing. Before we 
got halfway to the house, we saw my brotehr's wife running 
towards us crying. She told us to run away quickly because the 
village activists had destroyed the house and had removed 
everything that could be moved. At this moment we noticed 
that two armed activists were coming toward из. My brother 
and I ran away as we were to Bila Tserkva. My brother's wife 
went back to the village soviet and begged them at least to give 
her back her top coat, which they had taken away from the 
house, so that she could wrap up the baby, but they chased her 
cut. She then, in desperation, brought the child to the local 
child shelter (established for children whose parents had died 
during the famine), left it in the yard with great difficulty and 
came to Bila Tserkva. Catching the first freight train, she 
followed her husband back to Donbas. 

In Bila Tserkva I somehow regained my composure after 
a nightmare of fear and again went to the military command to 
beg for a duplicate of my military document. They arranged 
court proceedings for me attesting that I conciously avoided 
classification of ту social status. Т signed that infernal 
document. 

After boarding the train I scrutinized by document and 
found the following remarks: "Kurkul" "After 1930 
disappeared,” “To be made accountable for avoiding duties by 
having himself classified socially." Where could I go with a 
document like that? I began erasing different pertinent words 
and readjusting the existing ones. The compromising middle 
pages had to be torn out completely. With the “doctored” 
document, I went to the military office in Kryvy Rih in order 
to be socially classified. With the aid of good people in the 
office I was fortunate enough obtain my classification, Later 


462 


on, in devious ways, I was successful in obtaining a three-year 
and finally a five-year passport. 

Nevertheless I lived under constant fear. Every time I 
filled out some questionnaire, I had to devise a coherent back- 
ground for my parents and grandparents, in order to avoid 
exposure and arrest. 


A. KULISH 


UKRAINIAN FORBIDDEN TO LIVE IN MUSCOVY. 


I, A. Kulish, formerly a resident of Poltava district, after 
being liquidated as kur kul, moved to the village of Kastorne 
in the Voronizh region. I had a team of horses and eked out a 
precarious living by contracting all kinds of dray work. There 
were also many more such liquidated kurkuls living with 
their families in this particular village. 

Early in 1933, an order came from the GPU to the effect 
that all liquidated Ukrainian kurkuls were to appear with 
families at the railway station of Krasnaya Dolina, within 24 
hours. To make certain that this order would be obeyed, the 
GPU dispatched its militia men to this village. 

This particular railway station was on the line where many 
freight trains, loaded with people from the Ukraine passed; all 

= M 





463 


these freights were of the “distant destination" type transporting 
people past the Ural mountains into Siberia. A contingent of 
Ukrainian families, including mine, from the village of Kastorne 
was rounded up by GPU and added to these freight trains at the 
station of Krasnaya Dolina after a long wait for space in the 
box cars. 

The station was unheated. People with small children sat 
or lay down on the cement floor. No food whatsoever was given 
people. Children and women cried incessantly; women tore 
their hair in fits of hysteria. 

Every freight train was checked for available space. If any 
was found the GPU would simply throw as many people into 1: 
as could be squeezed in, and then lock the doors from the out- 
side.... I was never to know where these people were destined to 
go, nor what happened to them... 


SLAVES ANCHORED TO WORK BY FOOD. 


(Decision of CPC and CPSU regarding the widening 
of rights of factory management in the matter of 
supplying and improving the food rationing system). 
To improve further the organs of supply for the 
workers, and to intensify the struggle against the 
distribution of food supplies and industrial goods to 
delinquent loafers who evade work at enterprices, and 
also to augument the power of enterprise directors, 
the CPC and the CC of the GPSU hereby resolve: 

(a) To transfer to the factory managements, the 
right to issue food ration books to workers 
employed at the enterprises as well as to members 
of their families. Ration books to be issued by 
name as well as number. 

(b) Those relieved of employment are also to be 
deprived of food ration cards, industrial goods, 
ration card, as well as the rigst to living quarters 
designated for the particular enterprise as per the 
decision of the CPC and the CIC of CPSU, of 
November 18, 1932. 

(c) Taking into consideration the possibility of the 
abuse of annulled ration books, the enterprise 
managements are enjoined to remove them from 
the holders. Use of annulled books is to be 





464 


regarded as speculation in ration books. 
(а) Newly-hired workers are entitled to an issue of 
all ration books providing they produce proof to 
the effect that they have surrendered their ration 
books at the former place of employment. 
December 4, 1932. 
Chairman of CPC, Molotov, 


Secretary of CC of CPSU, Stalin. 
(Visti, December 5, 1932). 


4. TRANSPORTATION BLOCKADE OF UKRAINE. 


We have no documents concerning Soviet directives placing 
a special transportation blockade on the population of Ukraine. 
Such directives were secret but, from recollections of living 
witnesses, we are able to reconstruct the then existing reality. 

In the first of these eye-witness documents, M. Didenko, 
an erst-while soviet railroad worker, who was well acquainted 
with all these directives on the railroad system, furnishes 
materials about such a blockade between Ukraine and Moscow. 

The material in the second document deals with a similar 
matter. It was difficult to obtain railroad tickets at Ukrainian 
stations; they were sold only to persons having travel orders 
which were impossible to obtain, therefore the peasants were 
compelled to travel by devious means, frequently without 
tickets. One of the following documents contains a description 
of the punishment meted out to a railroad worker for assisting. 
starving peasants to travel to Kharkiw. 

In another document, containing an eye-witness account, 
there are descriptions of how, on orders of the chief of the Soviet 
government, Molotov, the railway stations were cleared of 
starving peasants and they were turned back to die in their 
famine-ridden villages. 


M, DIDENKO 


MOSCOW CORDONED FROM STARVING UKRAINE 


In 1932, when Ukraine was in the throes of famine, 
thousands of Ukrainian peasants sought relief by migrating to 
the northern provinces of Russia, especially to Moscow and 
Leningrad where no trace of famine existed. Some peasants 
travelled to those places to procure bread; others forsook the 


7, 465 


famine-ridden Ukraine in quest of a home, where they could 
save themselves from starvation. The main railway line from 
Kiev to Moscow was literally choked with starving migrants, 
usually travelling to Moscow. "They filled the streets of this 
inglorious capital of a slave empire, where they could be 
observed by many members of foreign embassies and missions. 
Such a situation was not agreable to Moscow, 

In the spring of 1933, when this movement of starving 
Ukrainian peasants to Moscow assumed catastrophic propor- 
tions, the then Comissar of Transport, A. A. Andreyev, issued 
a secret order to the railway officials, “to permit no travelling by 
the starving Ukrainian peasantry to Moscow by refusing to sell 
railroad tickets, and to sell tickets only to those who hold a 
travel order from the local authorities.” The starving peasants 
reacted to this order by securing travel licences. The local 
Ukrainian authorities were liberal with the issuance of such 
travel licences. 

The Commissar of Transport then issued an addition to his 
secret order requiring “all travel licences to be examined by the 
central bodies and to be approved only for persons on service or 
business duty.” In order to implement this directive, a reinforced 
detachment of NKVD was placed on the border between the 
starving Ukrainian SSR and the abundant RFSSR, between the 
railroad stations of Mychayliwkea (Ukr. SSR) and Zernovo 

e точу 





Died in ihe field 


(RFSSR) in order to examine all trains destined from Ukraine 
to Moscow. The NKVD removed the starving peasants from 
the trains and arrested them. But hunger did not recognize 
any obstacles, even the NKVD. The starving Ukrainian 
peasants found another way to by-pass Andreyev's secret order; 
they would travel by train as far as Konotop or Tereshchenkovo 
railway station in Ukraine. There they would disembark and 
take to the side-roads on foot, thus traversing a distance of 80 
to a 100 kilometres. After reaching a point past the railway 
station of Zernovo, they would again board the Moscow-bound 
train. 

After a few months the NKVD became aware of such 
wholesale bypassing and began to patrol the sideroads, trapping 
many unfortunate wanderers. However this effort of the 
NKVD also failed because the peasants only took to more 
devious routes. Finally, the secret order forbidding travel by 
the Ukrainian peasantry to Moscow was cancelled at the end 
of 1934 by the new Commissar of Transport, Lazar Kaganovich. 


T. S-ko 
TRAVELLING TO MOSCOW FOR FOOD FORBIDDEN. 


In April of 1933 I was visiting my relatives in the Bohuslav 
district in Ukraine. I found them іп a terrible plight and decided 
to go Moscow to buy some food. After having at least partly 
secured them from danger of death by starvation I would return 
to my place of work in the Caucasus. Early next morning I 
was on my way to the nearest railway station. 

At Myroniwka railway station, I purchased a railway 
ticket to Kiev without any trouble. However, when I asked 
for a ticket from Kiev to Moscow, I was refused on the grounds 
that I did not possess a special travel licence. There were 
hundreds like myself trying to buy fares to Moscow. I was 
desperate in my attempts to get to Moscow to obtain some food 
and immediately I began to look for a way out of the impasse. 

Before long I met a “character” at the station who, for a 
special fee, secured me a ticket that would take me as far as 
Mychayliwka railway station. I hoped that I might stumble 
upon a chance to get a ticket to Moscow while enroute to 
Mychayliwka. The train was filled with people like myself, all 
hoping to reach Moscow, practically all of us without special 


467 


travel licences. At every stop en route, more such people 
boarded the train. I was under the illusion that I would succeed 
in my mission to Moscow. 

When our train reached Mychayliwka, the last station 
before the border of the RFSSR, it was surrounded by a military 
detachment of the NKVD. Each passenger bound for Moscow 
was closely scrutinized. Those without special travel licences 
were rounded up, locked in one of the station halls and kept 
under guard until the following morning. Next morning I and 
hundreds like myself were loaded upon a freight train bound for 
Kiev. Thus we were escorted under guard, without fares or 
travel licences, back to where we had all come from. Оп the 
way back I learned from other passengers that travelling for 
food to Moscow was forbidden so as to avoid comprising the 
soviet system in the eyes of the foreigners. 

The Ukrainian peasants, after delivering all their food to 
Moscow, were now compelled to die of starvation. 

1 returned to my place of employment in the Caucasus. I 
started sending my relatives every scrap of food that I could 
spare and thus saved them from starvation. 


S. KOROBEYNYK 
FORBIDDEN TO AID THE STARVING. 


In 1933 I was employed as a senior railway conductor at the 
station, of Osnova, near Kharkiw. On May 25, I received an 
order from station-master, Peter Shaposhnikov, to take a 
passenger train at Osnova station from Kharkiw-Levada to Ba- 
laklea. There I received an order from Master Conductor Emil 
Onopko to sell tickets only to workers who were employed and 
to peasants who had travel orders signed by managers of collec- 
tive farms, state farms, or district executive committees directing 
them to travel to obtain spare parts for tractors or other farm 
implements. Travel other than that was strictly forbidden to 
the peasantry. Consequently, sales of railway fares to such 
peasants were forbidden at the stations as well as on the trains. 

There orders came from the Commissariat of Transport in 
Moscow, and their implementation rested with the third 
section of the NKVD, the chief of which was Baiyov, at 
Osnova station. We were assembled before departure by E. 
Onopko, who read the order and then made us affirm that we 


468 


уеге familiar with its contents and were going to act accordingly. 

That evening we arrived at Balaklea station; it was filled 
with starving, swollen people. Some women held their swollen 
infants. Everyone tried to board the train to go to a large city 
(Kharkiw) in quest of food, but no one would sell them any 
tickets nor allow them to enter the coaches. About three 
o'clock the following morning the complete train crew was 
asleep in the coach next to the locomotive. I could not refuse 
these wretched people the privilege of entering the coaches. 
I let them come in but admonished them to sit still and not to 
tell anybody about it..... 

When I returned to Osnova station, I found that this 
incident had already been reported to E. Onopko and to labor 
committee chief Swinaryov. I was tried by the so-called local 
"labor court" for “disorganization of railway transportation” 
(transporting 75 per cent of the passengers without fares), and 
for contravention of an order of the Commissariat of Transport. 
The witness for the prosecution was a member of the train crew, 
Maria Sira. I was promtly fired from my position. 


T. S-ko 


MOLOTOV ORDERS STARVATION 


In 1933 I was employed by the fishing industry at Machach- 
Kala, the capital City of the Dagestan Republic. The city is 
Situated on the western coast of the Caspian Sea. I vent there to 
escape the farnine that was ravaging my native village in Uk- 
raine. I found the food quite satisfactory. The workers could 
buy bread, meat, fats, cereal and fish. One could always buy 
the necessary quantity of provisions, at reasonable prices, in the 
local market. Therefore, many hungry Ukrainians travelled to 
these parts in quest of food. 

Back at home in the Medyn district of the Kiev region, my 
family was starving. I decided to provide some food for them. 
Itook a two-week leave from work, bought two poods of flour 
and three poods of corn at the local rnarket, and in April of 1933 
I boarded the Kiev-Baku train on the journey home. I checked 
my supply of corn and other provisions as baggage and kept the 
flour as personal baggage. During this four-day journey home, 
I saw a great many unusual things. 

I saw numerous freight trains, filled with people 


N 469 


and baggage travelling in the general direction of Ukraine. All 
transfer stations which were normally filled with hungry people 
travelling to Kuban and Caucasus, were now empty. At Dnie- 
propetrovsk the freight trains filled with people were reformed, 
taking some of the people to Kiev and the rest to Kharkiw. 

The train on which I traveled was detained at Dniepro- 
petrovsk for some time. This gave rne an opportunity to learn 
what was happening. I learned that a short time before, Molo- 
tov, had visited Ukraine, saw the famine at its height, and also 
the starving people travelling to the Caucasus to obtain food. 
He therefore ordered the local autorities to clear all railway 
stations of all starving people. 

All available freight equipment was pressed into service 
to round up the mass of starving people along different railway 
routes and shipping them back to Ukraine. Those lucky enough 
to have obtained some provisions were also lucky in getting free 
transportation back home, but those who were just on the way 
to Caucasus were turned back empty-handed. 

Loaded in these freight trains were men and women, young 
and old, who were being turned back to their starving villages 
to die of hunger. No chance was given to them to secure and 
bring back with them some meagner provisions. The people 
were desparate but there was nothing they could do. 


470 


СНАРТЕК П 


THE STRUGGLE OF UKRAINIAN PEASANTS 
FOR BREAD 


Economically annihilated, and bled politically during the 
era of kurkul liquidation in 1929-1930, later morally and 
psychologically terrorized during the period of total collectivi- 
zation and partial famine created by deprivation of food in 1931 
and the beginning of 1932, the Ukrainian peasanty was rendered 
defenceless when Soviet authorities organized a total famine in 
1932-1933. The peasantry was in a state of prostration; never- 
theless it endeavored to defend itself as best it could. The Uk- 
rainian peasantry now had a partner, composed of the remnants 
of the annihilated and politically broken Ukrainian Communists, 
who then represented the local authorities. 

A spontaneous situation developed where the local 
Communists unconsciously took up the defence of the Ukrainian 
peasantry against the Muscovite central authority. Thus began 
the last, unequal struggle of the Ukrainian peasantry againsi 
the authorities for mere physical survival. 

The following three forms of struggle could be noted: 

1. An effort, by legal means, to curtail the plans for grain-collec- 
tion and the withholding by the peasantry of food provisions. 

2. Illegally organized sabotage in the fulfillment of grain- 
collection plans and illegally permitting the peasants to 
provide themselves with food from supplies of farm products 
confiscated by the state. 

3. Individual withholding by the peasants of smáll amounts of 
food products and their concealing from the authorities. 


LEGAL EFFORTS TO CURTAIL THE PLANS 
FOR GRAIN-COLLECTION 


An interesting document in this matter is the speech of the 
then secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist 
Party of Ukraine, comrade Kosior. Kosior pointed out various 
Ukrainian districts in which local Party organizations sounded 
alarms to the Central Committee about the unreality of the 


471 


grain-collection plans and demanded their curtailment. Many 
regional Party organizations were of the same opinion and they 
too posed the question to the CIC of CP(B)U. Unfortunately, 
the leading figures of the Ukrainian Party were merely puppets 
in the hands of Moscow, unable to do anything on their own 
initiative in such matters. Moscow maintained a determined 
“No!” 

An interesting document also exists regarding the position 
of the leaders of the collective farm in the Odessa district: “We 
have no more bread... We аге all peasants”....... 


KOSIOR ADMITS ERROR THEN 
EXCULPATES HIMSELF 


(From a speech by Kosior — secretary of the CC of 
CP(B)U summing up the results of grain-collection 
plans and the struggle for improvement of the agri- 
cultural economy of Ukraine, delivered at the Plenum 

of the CC of CP (B) U). 

During the grain-collection campaign in 1931, we 
issued a warning as far back as August about the mass 
pilfering of grain. And until the end of 1932 there 
was an attitude of complacency that contributed much 
to these shortcomings. 

There are five main errors in the work of the 
Ukrainian Party organization: 

1. Lack of proper understanding of the new situation, 
collective farm grain trading being conducive to 
difficulties with grain-collections. 

2. Poor management of collective farms. 

3. Lack of interest as to who managed the collective 

farms (kurkuls, class enemies, etc.). 

4. Overlooked the manoeuvres of the class enemies. 

5. Insufficient leadership and lack of sense of 

responsibility of the communists in the collective 

farms. 

Last year the state of grain collections was as 
follows; in July of 1931, we collected more grain than 
we did in the same month of 1930, and in July of 1932 
we collected much less than we did in 1930. 

If we accept the figures of 1930 local grain 
collections as 100 per cent, we will have the following 
picture: 





472 


(against 31) 
in August 1931 grain collected, 172 per cent, August 1332, 41 per cent 
In September" ~” ” — M7 per cent, Sept. ” — 63 per ceni 
In October ^" ~” = 61 рег cent Oct — " 31 per cend 


Similar proportions were attained in November 
and December. 

In September and October, many districts such as 
Alexandriw, Zinovievsky, Novo-Ukrainsky and Har- 
buzynsky of the Odessa region and an array of districts 
in the Dniepropetrovsk region, when I pressed for the 
grain collections, produced the following pleas and 
excuses: 

“What do you want? We have no transport 
facilities. We work on seeding and stacking. АЙ is 
not well with our food.” And all the while the grain 
was being pilfered from the stacks. The mood of 
“wait and see” prevailed. The talk was that the grain 
collection plan was difficult and incorrect. 

In the course of preparations for grain-collection 
there was incessant talk of the need for revision of the 
plan, consequently everybody lived in hopes of an 
easier plan and directed the collective farms along a 
similar path. Afterwards, when a plan exceeding that 
of last year was announced (tripled in the Odessa 
district), regional and district leaders were not capable 
of counteracting and finally breaking the demoralized 
mood prevailing throughout the entire period of the 
grain-collection campaign. Party leaders who pro- 
mised a reduction of plans did not keep their word. 
When their hopes for an easier plan collapsed, they 
were unable to mobilize themselves... 

Of what value are the talks that took place 
amongst the secretaries of Party organizations regard- 
ing the plans? Were the regional organizations not 
aware of these opportunist talks? They were aware, 
certainly, but failed to retaliate. 

When, perchance, some secretary was cornered 
and sharply questioned about his demoralized mood, 
he would swear that he had never discussed the matter 
in the district, only at the regional level. 

Such an attitude by a secretary is despicable. 


473 


When the secretary is not sure of fulfilling plans he 
cannot inspire others. In 99 per cent of cases the 
defeatist mood of the secretaries was known to others. 

To say that the plan, even the former one, was 
unrealistic is incorrect. There might have been 
certain maladjustments of a local nature, but as far 
as the territory of Ukraine is concerned the plan was 
correct. No one can say otherwise. 

Had our work been conducted in a determined, 
proper manner, the occurrences at Bashtany, Orikhow, 
Kobeliaky, Balaklayiw and other districts would not 
have taken place. In the Orikhow district of Dniepro- 
petrovsk region, widespread sabotage of grain col- 
lections took place, but the regional representatives 
never noticed what was happening there. 

A great source of shame to senior leaders of the 
Kharkiw region is the fact that right by their side in 
Kobeliaky there was an organized sabotage of grain- 
collections, tolerated by the highest levels of the 
regional Party organization. 

Good-natured moods, became facts during the 
visit of comrade Molotov for a meeting with the 
Central Committee. When the regions were requested 
to furnish a correct accounting of grain-collections the 
figures tendered in the morning were at variance with 
those tendered in the аНегпоп. 

I must frankly admit that we have wrecked the 
plan, despite the fact that we had all the polentialities 


for fulfilling it... 
(Visti, February 13, 1933), 


M. SACHENKO 


PREPARING TO SABOTAGE 
THE GRAIN-COLLECTIONS PLANS. 


In collusion with the kurkul-Petlyurist ele- 
ments, the flunkeys — Medvediev, member of the 
Party and chairman of the collective farm, and 
members of the board of management of the collective 
farm — Hahulia, a candidate for membership of the 
Party and director of personnel, and Zolotochub — a 
candidate for membership of the Party and director 


of livestock, introduced gross inefficiency in the 
collective farm, tolerated bad management and organ- 
ized sabotage of grain-collections. They organized 
labor in a faulty manner, did not mobilize the collective 
farm to fulfill important agricultural undertakings, 
purposely steered the collective farm towards stagna- 
tion, by the unseasonal reaping of grain and hay, loss 
of crops, failure to complete seeding plans, and by the 
loss of draught-animals and live stock... 

The blindness of the management was utilized by 
the remnants of the kurkuls and Petlyurists, who 
were preparing for their own kind of harvest, by 
stirring up the members of the collective farm saying: 
“The state will take all the grain anyway.” 

The results of the wreaking activities of the 





476 


covetous kurkul exceeded all proportions. With 
the aid of their agents in management, the lazy, the 
thieves and loafers, pilfered the collective farm 
grain standing on the field, in sheaves, {тот the 
thresher, from granaries and so on. Directors, bri- 
gadiers, weighers, guards and reapers also stole and 
peddled the grain. 

The outstanding feature of this organized, mass 
advance of kurkul elements in quest of the 
collective farm grain (those who foresaw the mortal 
famine and tried to save their lives I. D.), is the fact 
that the chairman of the collective farm, Medvediev 
and his deputy, Hohulia, were fully aware of И... and 
did nothing to prevent it. On the contrary, they 
pretended blissful ignorance and helped themselves to 
grain. 

They exerted every effort to mislead the district 
organization by convincing them of the unreality of 
the local grain-collection plan... "Twice these two- 
faced characters succeeded in obtaining reductions of 
their plans, and even then they failed to fulfill it... The 
entire wrecking activity of the enemies of the collect- 
ive farm... was exposed and the robbers were arrested. 
The investigation of their case was recently completed 
and in the next few days the mobile session of the 
Kiev court will hold a trial ій this affair in the town 
of Medwyn... 

(Bilshovyk Bohuslavshchyny, March 23-25, 1933). 


B. KINHUROV 


"WE HAVE NO MORE GRAIN." 


In the village of Lizavetiwka, in the Snihuriw 
district of the Odessa region, the grain-collection plans 
were 43.5 per cent fulfilled as of January 10th. It is 
being sabotaged by the management of the artel "Red 
Partisan" headed by one Hrobovyk, who states: 

"We have no more grain. The collective farm 
did not steal it. We have no kurkuls. We are all 
peasants.” 

The thresher-mechanic of the collective farm 
revealed a table with a false bottom in which was 


concealed four poods of grain. A search of a straw 
pile revealed a barrelful of select grain. Hretsenko 
disappeared without a trace. An immense amount of 
grain was stolen. The indolent are keeping pace with 
the misers. It is ironic that the wife of the recently- 
arrested chief of the collective farm "Better Lite," in 
endeavouring to accuse all members of the collective 
farm of grain pilfering, states: "Only the indolent did 
not steal." 

But did the village organizations do anything to 
recover the grain? No. Nor did the district organ- 
izations take any further action. 

(Vist, January 22, 1933). 


2. ILLEGALLY SECRETELY ORGANIZED SABOTAGE. 


The documents refer to the illegally Secretely organized sa- 
botage of grain-collection plans by local government officials, 
and to cases where village Communists and Yong Communists 
acted as organizers of such sabotage. 

In other documents, there are cases where the collective 
farm management distributed the government-restricted grain 
to the members of the collective farm, concealed the supplies 
of grain from seizure by the state under the guise of various 
supply requirements of the collective farm, and all with the 
knowledge of the district organizations. This story is also 
related in another document. In this document, too, there is 
an interesting episode showing how the chairman of the 
collective farm steered the "grain search brigades” only to those 
members of the collective farm whom he knew did not possess 
any grain supplies. This was done to deceive the searchers. 

Another document bears witness to cases occurring in some 
of the collective farms where, in order to prevent the mass 
pilfering of grain, it was distributed to members of the collective 
farm not on the basis of work-days but simply to those who could 
circumvent the red tape of the authorities with regard to the 
various taxation norms. 

One of the ways of concealing grain from the authorities 
was to adjust the threshing machine in such a way as to have 
most of the grain pass into the straw and chaff. The peasants 
were hopeful that they would succeed in concealing some supply 
of grain from the authorities, therefore 20 to 50 per cent was 
allowed to pass into the straw and chaff. However, this trick 


47 


was soon discovered by the authorities, who promtly compelled 
the peasants to re-thresh the straw-chaff. The re-threshing of 
straw and chaff was conducted on a much wider scale in pro- 
portion to the efforts of concealment, as a form of grain-collection 
sabotage. 


COMPULSORY RECOVERY OF FOOD GRAIN 
FROM COLLECTIVE FARM MEMBERS 


The basic source of seed-grain supply is the re- 
covery of the pilfered and illegally received grain, the 
re-threshing of straw and the fanning of the chaff. 

The class enemy employs all means, including 
murder, to prevent the recovery of pilfered grain. 

On January 11th kurkul Kolomchenko of 
Novo-Volodymyrivka village shot and killed leading 
activists of the artel “Free Life," Andrew Kovalenko 
and Marta Sashenko, and seriously wounded collective 
farm members Chubenko and Semenov all of whom 
had tried to seize the grain which he had pilfered 
from the collective farm. 

According to the decision of the Regional Exe- 
cutive Committee, four collective farms of the May 
Ist district of Shesterynsk village soviet were black- 
listed for open sabotage of grain collections. 

For the month of December and the first 25-days 
of January only 0.3 per cent of the grain-collection 
plan was fulfilled, and only 42 per cent of the yearly 
plan. 90 hundredweights were distributed illegally 
and only 27.18 cwts were recovered. The local class 
enemies were acting openly without reprisal from the 
local and district organizations. 

A member of the collective farm management 
personally organized the pilfering of grain, and in 
the summer of 1932 he clipped the heads of grain from 
an area of ten hectares. The collective farm concealed 
this under the guise of various reserves. 6 cwts of 
surplus grain were concealed as seed-grain reserve. 

In another collective farm, "Third Decisive,” 
which was also'blacklisted, 270 cwts of grain were 
distributed illegally and only 7 cwts. of this were 
recovered. 


478 


The chairman of the collective farm, Ponomaren- 
ko, and two members of the board, Petrenko апа Kolo- 
siuk, flatly refused to return the grain. These flunkeys 
of the misers opposed the return of excessive grain 
refunds by the representatives of the District Party 
Committee... 

(Visti, January 30, 1933). 


COMMUNISTS AND YOUNG COMMUNISTS — 
ORGANIZERS OF SABOTAGE. 


The remnants of the liquidated misers and white- 
guardist counter-revolutionary element are proving 
to be sufficiently formidable to infiltrate into the 
collective farm management, where they influence the 
backward peasantry as well as some of the villagc 
Communists, thus precipitating a sabotage movement. 

There are a number of cases where Communists 
and Young Communists concealed grain from the 
state stole grain which is the property of the collec- 
tive farms and acted as organizers of sabotage of the 
grain-collections. Such deeds are contrary to the 
ideals of the proletarian revolution and to the in- 
terests of the workers, and peasants, system... 

(Komsomolska Pravda, November 23, 1932), 


ODESSA GRAIN-COLLECTION PLANS 
PROVING TO BE UNREAL. 


The Odessa region fulfilled 75.7 per cent of its 
yearly grain-collection plans. The individual economy 
sector fulfilled 65.5 per cent of its quota, the kurkul 
sector fulfilled 49 per cent of its quota. The recovery, 
within the last decade, consisted of 0,3 per cent in 
proportion to the yearly plan. 

Thus the Domaniw, Kryvo-Ozero, Liubashiw, 
Kakhiwka, Znamensk, Troitzky, and Frunze districts 
have barely collected a few tons of grain each within 
the last five-days. The leaders of the above-mentioned 
districts depended upon spontaneous action by the 
peasants. Officials appointed to these districts by the 
regional Party Committee and the regional Executive 


479 


Committee, act as mere observers and thereby tolerate 
the sabotage efforts of the enemy. 

In the Domanynsk district the kurkuls and their 
agents pilfered and appropriated a considerable 
amount of state grain. No efforts were made to seize 
that grain despite the fact that scores of officials of 
the district Party and the district Executive Committee 
are stationed in the villages. 

In the Buzynsky village community (the most 
backward in fulfilment of grain-collection plans) the 
authorized representative of the District Party 
Committee, Wyshniwsky, together with the chairman 
of the village soviet, are complaining that the grain- 
collection cannot be fulfilled. At the same time the 
activists are daily recovering grain secreted in the 
ground of garden patches. 

The leaders of the Bashtan district claim time and 
time again that they have nobody to work with. 

The management of the collective farm “Com- 
intern” together with the village soviet appointed a 
brigade, headed by the Young Communists Kostiuk 
and Soroka. The brigade armed itself with mops and 
pails of tar and decorated every dwelling in the 
village with a slogan — "Here dwells a thief of the 
collective farm grain," whether the peasant fulfilled 
his quota or not. 

Chairman Velychko of the agricultural artel “Ко- 
sior,” belonging to the Mykolayiwsk village soviet, 
undertook a wholesale search for grain supposedly 
concealed by members of the collective farm, but by- 
passing the real thieves, who, as it later turned out, 
he himself had organized. 

No grain was discovered as a result of that search. 
Welychko therefore claimed: "There is no grain. 
Nobody pilfered it or received it illegally. Therefore, 
there is nothing with which to fuilfill the plan...” 

(Visti, January 28, 1933). 


MEMBERS OF THE COLLECTIVE FARM 
RECEIVE NO PAY FOR WORK DAYS 


Our collective farm, “Molotov,” belonging to the 
Brankiw village soviet commenced the division of the 


fruit of its toils. The management organized this 
matter in such а way that a loafer received more than 
a respectable member of the collective farm who had 
toiled conscientiously. 

For example, Daniel Pavlovich Levchenko has 
208 work-days to his credit. There are collective farm 
members who, with their families, have 400 work-days 
and more but they received nothing tither in money or 
in produce. The loafers who have very few work- 
days to their credit, are receiving a considerable 
amount of grain. 

This happened because, according to a ruling of 
the management (the ruling was handed down to the 
management from higher authorities), collective farm 
members, even shock workers, who have crops planted 
in their gardens, have had these crops credited to them 
as payment for work-days. 

I believe that the collective farm management is 
working incorrectly. 

M. E. ZOLOTARIOV 

(Visti, March 15, 1933). 


RE-THRESHING STRAW AND CHAFF. 


The unsatisfactory tempo of threshing is exceeded 
only by the extremely unsatisfactory quality of thresh- 
ing. ing the class blindness of the leaders of 
the collective farm and village soviets, the kurkuls 
are exerting a vicious opposition. An immense amount 
of grain is funneled out into the straw and chaff during 
the threshing. In many districts 10 to 15 per cent of 
the grain goes into the straw and chaff. 

In order to recover such losses in grain per- 
petrated by kurkul sabotage efforts, it is im- 
perative to have the straw and the chaff re-threshed 
by trustworthy people for outside. 

In a number of the collective farms in the Zolo- 
tonosha district, brigades of newspaper correspondents 
in the villages revealed that 50 per cent of the select 
grain was found in the chaff. In the Lypovetzky artel 
they are separating one bucket of grain from every 
three buckets of chaff. The grain thus concealed is 


481 





frequently found in the collective farm of the Novo- 
Syrohizky district. 

Completion of threshing and re-threshing is to 
be conducted with shock tempos. 

The raid of the workers’ and peasants’ press 
correspondents examined the Novo-Ukrayinsku di: 
trict, and in Hlyniansky artel, for example, they 
discovered 30 per cent of the grain amongst the straw 
and chaff. Re-threshing yielded 700 cwts. of grain. 

In the collective farms of Perchuny, Osytniazhka, 
Maryaniwka, 15 per cent of the grain was found in 
the chaff. In artel “15 years of Siwash Division" the 
chaff yielded 20 per cent grain and the straw yielded 
11 per cent. 

The Perchuky village soviet had a kurkul 
named Tataryn as the cylinder man on the separator 
and another, Osadchy, as a machinist. The straw 
Írom this threshing machine contained 26 per cent 
grain. In other places, a day of re-threshing yielded 
30 cwt. of grain. 

«From a speech by Khatayevich. Visti, December 9, 1932). 

Slogans: Hatred of the collective farm masses 
should be directed against the pilferers of collective 
farm grain, against the enemies of the collective farms. 

(Visti, December 5, 1932). 

Smash the kurkul wreaking. Place the best 
shock workers on the threshing machines. Bring an 
end to kurkul equalization in the distribution of 
profits. 

(From a speech by Khatayevitch. Visti, December 9, 1932). 





THE STRUGGLE FOR GRAIN BY INDIVIDUAL 
PEASANTS. 


One of the ways in which the peasants struggle for grain 
in order to retain as much as possible and to give the state as 
little as possible, was to grind the grain on the domestic 
millstones. 

As usual, the authorities expropriated and closed down all 
privately-owned, steam and water-wheel, wind-powered and 
horse-powered grist mills. Only a few state-owned grist mills 
in each district were permitted to mill the grain after first 


482 


deducting 20 to 25 per cent of the grain as a fee for milling, the 
deduction was chargeable to the grain-collection quota. 

The peasants could not afford to part with their meagre 
supplies of grain in this manner, therefore they contrived a 
domestic type of millstone, a prototype of the grinding device 
used by their ancestors two or three thousand years earlier, 
in the so-called Trypillian era. This was a hard menial chore, 
but the peasants did not mind that, as long as they could save a 
few pounds of grain. Millstones of various sizes and shapes 
were produced troughout Ukraine. 

The authorities reacted to this peasant inventiveness by 
forbidding grain to be ground by such contrivances. 

The documents that follow reveal cases of confiscation of 
millstones wherever they were found. 

In the accounts of eyewitnesses are descriptions of these 
millstones and of the conditions under which they were used. 

The ever present danger of seizure of grain and other food 
products by the authorities compelled peasants to conceal 
them. No granaries or other buildings could serve as suitable 
places for storage of {004 products because they were readily 
accessible to brigades of government robbers. Therefore grain 
and other food products had to be concealed so as to mislead the 
inquisitors. Grain was buried in gardens, in groves, in fields, 
bricked up under stoves, in false ceilings, etc. 


R.L. SUSLYK 
PEASANT INVENTIVENESS IN CONCEALING GRAIN. 


When searches for grain became a commonplace occurrence, 
the authorities went so far as to examine every kitchen pot in 
every household. Any grain found in the pots was confiscated, 
and added to the grain-collection plan. The peasants, in turn, 
began to devise hiding-places which were most difficult to 
discover. Here is an example from the hamlet of Severyniwka 
in the Hrunsky district: 

Limited quantities of some of the grain could be concealed 
in water, in wells, in hollow logs, in ponds and brooks. 

Millet, beans or other cereals were placed in large or small 
bottles, and sealed with tar. Small bottles were then placed in 
a bucket and deposited at the bottom of a well or any other 
place where the water was of sufficient depth. 

The flour was secreted as follows: a sack holding 50 kl. 


483 


would be packed tightly with flour and on the outside it would be 
smeared with dough. It would then be tied to a rope and 
immersed in water where it could later be located. It could 
thus be stored for several months without serious deterioration. 


484 


DOMESTIC MILLSTONES ARE 
"KURKUL FLOUR MILLS." 


Waging a merciless struggle against the clandestine 
grinding of grain by kurkul domestic millstones, 
against pilfering and absorption of grain, the plans of 
the flour-millers must be fulfielled. 

The village soviets and the district executive 
committees loatse fighting this clandestine grinding 
of grain; they limit themselves to penalizing the 
offenders from 10 to 30 roubles. A search in the 
Smotrytzky district revealed 200 such domestic mill- 
stones used by kurkuls for grinding grain. 

A search in the Volochynsky district, during the 
month of December only, revealed 755 such domestic 
millstones. 

Neglince in implementing the directives of the 
party and the government, places the organs of pro- 
secution and justice in the forefront of responsibility 
for seeing to it that the mills are not deprived of their 
share of grain. 

(Visti, January 11, 1933). 

At the same time hundreds and perhaps thousands 
of kurkul millstones are working without respite. 
Lately (in the Odessa district) the kurkuls are 
setting up their millstones on the fields and are 
grinding the grain there..... 

(Visti, January 24, 1933). 

In the Dniepropetrovsk region, over 700 such 
millstones, on which grain is being ground without 
government regulation, have been discovered. 

(Visti, October 2, 1932). 

The peasants are not bringing their grain to the 
state mills, but are grinding it themselves in order to 
avoid yielding the multure tax to the bolshevik party... 
In the Lubni district of the Poltava region, 27 mills- 
stones were found, in the Tsarychansky district 75, 
in the Slaviansk district of the Kharkiw region 100 of 


these kurkul mills were discovered... 
he peasants are grinding their grain at home 
on primitive, domestic millstones.. In the Odessa 
region alone, 25 of these domestic mills were dis- 
covered. 

(Bolshevyk Ukrayiny. No. 11, 1932). 





R. L. SUSLYK 


CONSTRUCTION AND CONCEALMENT 
OF DOMESTIC MILLSTONES 


The authorities prohibited the grinding of grain by domestic 
millstones. If millstone was discovered in a peasant dwelling, 
it was promtly broken and in some cases the owner was 
penalized by the confiscation of property or at least a fine. 

Elaborate hiding places had to be devised. In 1932-1933, 
the residents of the village of Nirka and Severyniwka, in the 
Hrunsky district, hid their millstones in the swamp that lay 
between their two villages. The swamp was dotted with dry 
stops upon which the peasants could set them up. 

Grinding took place during the night in order to avoid the 
sharp eye of the authorities. 

The millstones were of diverse shapes and sizes, usually the 
prototype of the regular millstones at the flour mill. 

Quite often the peasants devised various types of grinders, 
most commonly one made of a wagon wheel. A set of grooved 
cones would be inserted into the axle head of the wheel, one 
mobile and one stationary. Small quantities of grain would 
then be thrown in and crushed. 

Machinists in the cities and towns aided the peasants by 
shaping the metal grinding plates and cones for them. Such 
utensils could easily be concealed by depositing them in a pot, 
filling it with water and shoving it into an oven. It was possible 
to crush 2 kgms. of grain an hour with such an implement... 


L. PYLYPENKO 
MILLET SEED GROUND ON MILLSTONES. 


In 1933 I was teaching at a school at the village of Rohoza, 
in Kiev district. The teachers in that particular school received 
a monthly ration of one pood of millet seed per person. Other 
food products such as fats, flour or vegetables were not allowed. 


485 


All wind-powered flour mills were closed down by the 
authorities. The only functioning flour mill was situated in the 
town of Borishpol, a district centre some distance away from our 
village. Since the peasants had no grain to grind, nobody went 
to the flour mill Whatever little grain was available was 
ground or crushed in the home-made contraptions such as 
domestic millstones and crushers. 

The authorities continually searched for these home-made 
contraptions and destroyed them forthwith in order to compel 
the peasants to take their grain to tfie state-owned flour mill 
and thus extract multure from them. 

The peasants carefully concealed these home-made imple- 
ments and secretely crushed whatever grain they could obtain... 

We teachers were also compelled to grind our rations on 
these implements but it was necessary to give the peasants some 
grist for the use of the utensil. Therefore, we invented our own 
brand of grind stones, fashioned out of perforated sheet metal 
into shapes resemling cones. 

This toil consumed much time and energy. The grist was 
not sifted at all. This mixture of grits and chaff was then made 
into dough by adding water and baking it into “baladony.” 


486 


CHAPTER Ш 


THE STRUGGLE OF THE AUTHORITIES FOR GRAIN 
AND THE "RED BROOM OF DEATH." 


This time the authorities used the “most modern methods” 
in conducting grain-collections and took steps, well in advance, 
to ensure complete success. The still green crop on the fields 
was meticulously checked, whether it belonged to the collective 
farm or not, and trusted people were posted to guard it. All 
threshing machines were prepared and placed only on com- 
munity threshing-yards. Teamsters, for transporting grain to 
elevators and warehouses by the railway stations, were warned. 
The elevators and warehouses were readied and placed under 
NKVD guards. 

When harvesting commenced, all the grain, including seed 
and live-stock feed, was promptly taken to the elevators by a 
carefully-guarded convoy. Members of the collective farm were 
“advanced” only 15 per cent of the grain earned “from the 
State” by their hard toil. 

Those who had small patches of grain seeded in their 
domestic gardens received no "advance" whatsoever. The 
crop of the individual peasants was also threshed by the 
community threshing-machine and the grain yield was forthwith. 

Despite such sweeping arrangements, there was still not 
forwarded to the elevators, leaving nothing whatsoever. 
enough grain to fulfill the collection plan. Where was the grain 
so coveted by the authorities? "Pilfered," replied the author- 
ities. Immediately a campaign began in all the collective farms 
for re-threshing the straw and fanning the chaff. But this also 
failed to yield the expected quantities of grain to fulfill the plans. 
Where was the remainder to be obtained? 

The authorities then announced that members of the 
collective farms illegally received "advances of grain" above 
norms. Instead of 15 per cent, they should have received only 
10 per cent. A campaign was begun to recover the “illegally 
received grain.” “Search brigades” were set in motion. “Booster 
brigades” (composed of people from outside the villages, 


487 


because local ones were not trustworthy) were set to follow up. 
"Red Broom Brigades" or "Brigades of the Red Broom 
of Death" as they were popularly known, were set to follow up 
the latter. 

These “brigades” cleaned the village of every bit of grain 
as well as of vegetables and other food products, thus precipitat- 
ing a condition of famine in Ukraine. As an aid to the 
“brigades” the authorities also organized special brigades of 
“workers’ and peasants’ press correspondents” whose task was 
to prepare publicity material for the moulding of public opinion. 
This campaign was then climaxed by the imposition of a 
commercial blockade of the villages in Ukraine. 

The authorities achieved their goal; the peasantry was 
robbed of all grain and other food products and left to face the 
coming winter, sealed off by a blockade, awaiting the approach 
of inevitable famine. 


REPRESENTATIVES OF CENTRAL AUTHORITIES 
WITNESSED THE FAMINE 


A number of documents that follow contain accounts of 
eye-witnesses describing how the government stripped the 
peasants of the Poltava district of all their grain. 

Other documents contain accounts of the mission to Uk- 





Body of a little girl on a Kharkiw Street 


488 


raine of members of the Politburo of the CC of the CB(B)U. 
The head of the then Soviet government, V. Molotov, after 
witnessing the famine in Ukraine could have persuaded Moscow 
to provide some measure of relief. But this was not in the plans 
of Moscow; Moscow needed grain at all costs, and L. Kagano- 
vich was detailed to see to it that she obtained it. 

Three documents also testify that the representatives of the 
Ukrainian central authorities saw the terrible plight of the 
Ukrainian peasantry and all the horrors of the famine, but were 
unable to do anything about it, because their power was limited 
solely to the execution of directives from Moscow. The last 
documents especially illustrate the helplessness and weakness, 
in these matters, of the highest leaders of the Ukrainian govern- 
ment, President Hryhory Ivanovich Petrovsky and Ulas Yako- 
vich Chubar. 


IVAN KLYMKO 


LAST KERNEL OF GRAIN TO THE STATE. 


In the hamlet of Luchky, in the Reshetyliw district, in the 
Poltava region the crops of 1932 were sáid to be below average, 
but would have sufficed for local requirements had not the 
state collected it to the last kernel The majority of the 
peasants were already members of the collective farms, and 
only a handful persisted in cultivating individually. But the 
grain was taken away without discrimination. 

The grain threshed by the collective farm was delivered to 
the state, including the seed grain, of which it was said that it 
was being retained for safekeeping. They promised to return 
the seed grain in spring, probably anticipating a famine, and that 
the starving peasants might consume the seed grain as a 
result. The members of the collective farm received 200 grams 
of screenings as pay for each work-day. 

The peasants who were not mernbers of the collective farm 
regardless of whether they were once well-to-do or poor, were 
compelled to have all their grain threshed by the collective farm. 
Their grain was then delivered to the state elevators, leaving 
them nothing whatsoever. Worse still was the fact that some 
of these peasants were short in their quota for the grain- 
collection plans. These people were prosecuted and penalized. 
Thus, Athanasy Hryhorovich Luchko was sentenced to five- 
years of penal servitude in the far distant concentration camps... 


489 





At the height of this robbery of the peasantry by the state, 
when the peasants were being stripped of every last kernel of 
grain, they tried to steal and conceal the grain from their own 
fields in order to have something to stave off the anticipated 
famine. Those who succeeded in conceallng some grain and 
who were successful in avoiding detection; had a little food for 
their families, at least until the end of 1932. But even these 
meagre reserves did not last long, and in the spring of 1933 a 
terrible famine swept the countryside. 

«Printed in D. Solovey, Paths to Golgota. [in Ukrainian |). 





M. BARABASH 


MOLOTOV'S SOJOURN IN THE STARVING UKRAINE. 


The village of Kozelshchyna lies between Poltava and Kre- 
menchuh. The premises of this former convent, which was 
closed immediately after the bolshevik revolution, were occupied 
by the district central authorities, after being transfered from 
Bryhadyriwka. Its various departmets were accommodated in 
numerous suites of the building. There is no railway station 
near this village, just a platform and a ticket-sale wicket to serve 
the beach trains stopping there. 

In the fall of 1932 this district, according to soviet jargon, 
"displayed a receptive mood in fulfilling the prime task of the 
Party and the government — the grain-collection plan." Of 
course the collection of grain in this district was conducted in 
much the same way as everywhere else in Ukraine; all grain 
coming from the threshing machines wa’ promtly delivered to 
the state elevators; searches were conducted in the villages for 
all concealed grain; repressions and arrest were rampant, but 
the grain-collection plan was still far from being fulfilled. 

And so at the end of 1932 a meeting of the Party hierarchy 
of all the surrounding districts was convened in Kozelshchyna 
which was to be attended by the secretaries of District Party 
Committees, authorized representatives of the Central Com- 
mittee and the so-called "leaders of a thousand”... The 
announcement created quite a stir. 

One day immediately following this announcement, at ten 
o'clock in the morning, a work train arrived at Kozelshchyna. 
Within half an hour a stop signal was erected and a short spur 
track was laid with a switch from the main line. Having 
completed the job, the work train disappeared in the direction 


400 





of Kremenchuh. Half an hour later another train arrived which 
was made up of a locomotive, a flat car carrying passenger 
automobiles and three luxurious passenger coaches. The train 
was switched to the newly laid spur. All movements of trains 
on that line were halted. 

On this train arrived the then "Chairman of the Soviet of 
Peoples Commissars of the USSR,” and later "The Peoples 
Commissar for External Affairs," member of the Politburo of 
the Central Party Committee of the CPSU," close adviser of 
Stalin, Viyacheslav Michaylovych Moloto 

I could observe, through the office windows of the premises 
where I was employed, the "important" train and all the 
movements around it. The distance was approximately 300 
metres. 

The train was surrounded by a military guard of the NKVD. 
Two people at a time would be allowed to enter the coach at the 
rear, with two guards at the door. Most probably they were 
high officials of the district Party Committees. The audiences 
would last from ten to fifteen minutes. “The close adviser to 
Stalin" did not emerge from his coach even for a second. After 
having stopped there for an hour and a half, the train then 
departed in the direction of Poltava. The work train arrived on 
its heels, dismantled the spur track and the semaphor and de- 
parted. 

Following this incident, talk went around to the effect that 
demoted leaders of the districts had endeavoured to convince 
Molotov that there was no more grain, that the population was 
starving. The only thing they proved by their efforts was their 
lack of “bolshevik maturity,” whereupon they were promtly 
fired from their positions. 

The apparatus set in motion by Molotov raged in the 
districts. Total searches were conducted and everything 
resembling food was confiscated, including small packages of 
garden ceeds, baked bread and cooked meals. 

Mebile sessions of the regional court (composed of 
thousanders) prosecuted peasants, activists, chiefs of the collect- 
ive farms and of village soviets. They were prosecuted for 
wilful negligence in fulfilling the grain-collection plans, for 
sabotage, wrecking, counter-revolution and “contravention of 
the law of August 7, 1932.” 

The grain-collection plan remained unfulfilled but the suc- 
cess of the planned famine was assured. In 1933, throughout 


491 





the villages of the Kozelshchyna district people died of 
starvation according to plan as they did else where throughout 
the entire territory of Ukraine. 


PAVLO BOZHKO 


KAGANOVICH SWEPT OUT EVEN THE SEED.GRAIN. 


The winter of 1932-33 found Sakhnovshchansk district in 
Poltava region as well as the whole of Ukraine in the throes 
of the most terrible famine. People everywhere died in droves, 
but the authorities still persisted in pushing the grain-collection 
plans although the chances of their fulfillment were nil. This 
particular district was visited at that time by the special em- 
missary of Stalin and Moscow, Lazar Moiseivich Kaganovich, 
the authority on Ukraine and general secretary of the Ukrainian 
Communist Party. A conference | of secretaries of Party cells, 
heads of collective farm, and ctors of state farms was 
convened for the distinguished visitor. 

After short preliminaries, Kaganovich demanded the fulfill- 
ment of the grain-collection plans and delivery of grain to the 
state elevators. When it was pointed out to him that all grain 
had been delivered and only the seed-grain left, Kaganovich 
ordered the seed-grain to be delivered as well. This happened 
on the eve of spring seeding. 

Some of the prominent local Communists, resting on their 
laurels during the revolution, attempted to protest the order. 
They soon found themselves deprived of their Party member- 
ship cards, proclaimed to be "enemies of the people" and spirited 
away from the district. A short time later the state “loaned” 
the seed-grain to the collective farm. It had to be transported 
back under great difficulties and under strict surveillance. The 
road from the railway station was littered with dead people and 
horses. There cannot be any doubt that Stalin and the Polit- 
buro were fully aware of the famine in Ukraine. They all knew 
about it in Moscow and facilitated its existence. 





B. A. 


THE CENTRAL AUTHORITIES WERE AWARE 
OF THE FAMINE. 


At the time when a full scale famine was already raging 
throughout Ukraine, some of the peasants were still in doubt as 


402 


to whether the central bolshevik authorities knew about it. This 
doubt was dispelled at the beginning of 1933 when a representat- 
ive of the CC of the CP of Ukraine arrived at the Drabiw 
district in the Poltava region with the express purpose of 
"broadening the tempos of grain-collection plans and thus 
fulfilling the directives of the Party and the government." 

Having convened a meeting of the chairmen of village 
soviets and of the village activists, the representative of the CC 
loudly assailed the local leadership by accusing it of inability 
to overhaul its work on the basis of directives of the Party and 
the government. He insisted that hostile class elements were 
concealing the grain, that the kurkul henchmen were 
wrecking the grain-collection plans, and that enemies of the 
people were spreading provocative rumors and lies about some 
kind of famine. The truth of the matter was that only loafers 
who did not want to work were starving... 

Later on the representative walked along streets littered 
with corpses, but he pretended not to see them. 


NATALKA LYUTAREVICH 


UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT PETROVSKY AMONGST 
THE STARVING PEOPLE. 


At the beginning of harvest time in 1933, the president of 
the Ukrainian Soviet Socialists Republic, Hryhory Petrovsky, 
arrived at Chornoukh in his special “Lincoln” limousine. Не 
was touring the famine-stricken regions of Ukraine. A large 
group of women gathered near the building of the district 
cxecutive committee, where the president was in conference (men. 
fearing persecution, did not appear there). Some of the women 
brought written statements with them; others had baked buns 
of elm tree leaves and buckwheat chaff (then the staple food 
of the collective farmers). Some of the women had their swollen 
children with them. They wanted to talk to the president and to 
give him their statements. 

The president conferred at lenght with the chief of the 
district executive committee, Polonsky; the secretary of the dis- 
trict Party committee, Marchenko, and the chief of the NKVD, 
Lehrman. It was not known what they were talking about, but 
before long Lehman appeared at the front door and said; "Give 
me all the statements." He went inside. It is not known 
whether the president saw them or not. 





493 


However, after a while the president appeared and rushed 
straight to the waiting automobile. Standing in the automobile 
he admonished those assembled: "Why have you gathered 
here? Why are you not working in the fields?" 

Those assembled retorted: "We are dying of hunger. Our 
children are all swollen. We want something to eat.” 

"I will be in Moscow soon and I will speak about it," replied 
the president, signalling the driver to depart. As the sleek 
black limousine slowly headed away, the assembled hungry 
‘women shouted: “Comrade Petrovsky, the elevators at Pyriatyn 
are bursting with grain. Permit us to obtain some grain there 
on account." The automobile bearing the president was already 
driving away at top speed and he probably did not hear the 
curses hurled at him by the disappointed women. 


2. COLLAPSE OF THE GRAIN COLLECTION PLANS. 


This year the authorities began the grain-collection 
campaign through an official apparatus known as the "Grain- 
Collection Trust." To encourage the collections, the authorities 
went as far as to announce a contest with appropriate premiums 
for early fulfillment of the plans. But the contest soon proved 
to be a futile, malicious jest; nobody knew what became of it or 
what the results were. The peasants were in no mood for con- 





Corpses of famine victims are removed 


494 


tests. The authorities did nor fail to remember the multure as 
an added feautre of the grain-collection campaign, which, of 
course, was roundly boycotted by the peasants; they could not 
afford to have a fee extracted from their already meagre grain 
allowances. Thus they grourid their grain on their domestic 
millstones and other devices, 

In some places multure was deducted when grain allowances 
were allotted. In such cases the local authorities passed these 
fees on not to the state but to the needy peasants. Government 
officials then complained that the grain was being pilfered by 
kurkul agents. 

While the authorities were able to exercise full control over 
the collective farm and collective farmers, they could not as 
effectively control the individual peasant. Therefore the in- 
dividual peasants were placed under a “hard quota” of grain 
deliveries, failure In which resulted in additional “liquidation of 
kurkuls,” this time the most proverty-stricken of peasants. 


CONTEST FOR FULFILLMENT 
UF GRAIN-COLLECTION PLANS. 


In order to stimulate the fulfillment of grain- 
collection plans by the anniversary of the October 
Revolution (November 7), the "Grain-Collection 
Trust" announced a contest: 

Aiming at the early and complete fulfillment of 
the grain-collection plans, it is imperative to follow 
the example of the leading districts in the Central 
Black Loam Region and the Urals (Russian territories 
where plans for grain-collections were light and easy 
to fulfil I. D.), the “Grain-Collections Trust” 
announces an All-Union contest to select leading di 
tricts, state farms, collective farm and Machine- 
Tractor Stations. 

A premium of fifteen, ten and eight thousand 
roubles respectively will go to the leading districts. 

А prernium of six, four and three thousand roubles 
respectively will go to the leading Machine-Tractor 
Stations. 

А premium of three, two and one thousand roubles 
respectively will go to the leading state farms. 

A premfum of five, three, two and one thousand 





495 


496 


roubles respectively will go to the leading collective: 

farms. val 
A premium of five, three, two and one thousand 

roubles respectively will go to the leading villages. 
(Visti October 20, 1932). 


COLLECTING MULTURE. 


Multure is an inseparable part of the grain- 
collection plans. A check reveals that in many dis- 
tricts of Ukraine the struggle for complete fulfillment 
of the multure plan is not being conducted properly. 

The condition of the multure plan, as of January 
1, is intolerable. According to data of the "Grain 
Collection Trust," only 36.1 per cent of the "plan was 
fulfilled in Ukraine. The most backward regions are 
the Don, Kharkiw and Dniepropetrovsk. 

The tempo of multure collections is falling off 
from month to month, Multure is being blackmarket- 
ed in thousands of tons by kurkul agents at the 
state mills, and in its stead they forward screenings to 
thestate. Mills which have been forbidden to operate, 
are operating secretely. There is no control. 

The struggle for multure is the struggle for the 
grain-collection plan. 

(Visti, January 6, 1933). 


PERSECUTION OF INDIVIDUAL FARMERS. 


There are noticably demoralising moods in the 
matter of grain-collections. The present state of 
affairs is as follows: in the individual farm sector of 
the Kharkiw region, 40.9 per cent of the plan has been 
fulfilled, of the special hard quota (continuation of 
economic squeeze and kurkul liquidation, I. D.) 
only 35.3 per cent. 

Regional organizations were unable to get things 
moving even in those districts in which punishment 
was ordered by the Party and government (decision 
of the CPC and CEC of December 15, 1932). 

Notwithstanding the fact that the leadership of 
the Izium district received several warnings, the grain- 
collection plan on the individual sector has only reached 


45.8 per cent of the goal. The Orzhytzk district is 
still worse-only 37.4 per cent. Unusually delinquent 
are the districts of Reshetyliw and Sakhnovshchany as 
well as a few others in which, during the last few 
days, the grain-collection campaign has come to a 
virtual standstill. 

In several districts, villages and regions ad- 
ministrative steps are being taken against the individ- 
ual peasants. 

Thus, in the Vovchane village of the Kobeliaky 
district the chairman of the village soviet and the 
secretary of the Party cell have gone from house to 
house searching for grain. 

In Izium and other districts the grain is being 
collected in such a way that the activists themselves 
maliciously fail to carry out their obligations. In the 
Radkiw village soviet in the same district the members 
act indifferently and conceal the grain themselves. 
There are leading rnembers of the collective farms who 
fulfilled their quotas by 40 per cent and the collective 
farms fulfilled their plans by 26 per cent. These are 
the facts about the collection in the region. 

(Visti, January 1, 1933). 


3. RE-THRESHING STRAW AND THE RECOVERY OF 
ILLEGALLY ADVANCED GRAIN. 


The time limit of January 1st set by the authorities for the 
fulfillment of grain-collection plans in Ukraine has obviously 
collapsed. Only 70 per cent of the plan was fulfilled, despite the 
fact that every bit of grain was collected. The authorities then 
extended the collection period until February 1st and ordered 
the re-threshing of straw and the fanning of chaff as a possible 
source of additional grain supply. It was found that some col- 
lective farms permitted 30 to 50 per cent of the grain to fall into 
the straw and chaff, and this was pure and simple sabotage 
according to the authorities. 

However this source soon proved to be useless. “Sabotage” 
was not generally prevalent and yet the grain-collection plans 
failed everywhere. Another source of grain supply had to be 
found: the illegally distributed grain advances which had to be 
returned to the state. What were these illegally distributed 
grain advances? 


497 


According w a decision of the Ukrainian Collective Farm 
Center, the management of the collective farms was permitted 
to distribute to the members 15 per cent of the threshed grain 
as part of their remuneration for the work-days at the collective 
farm. In its second decision, the Ukrainian Collective Farm 
Center as well as the Peoples Commissariat for Agriculture 
explained that the members of the collective farm could be 
granted as much as 75 to 85 per cent of their remuneration in 
grain, provided the particular collective farm had fulfilled its 
grain-collection quota, set aside the required seed-grain fund and 
had provided a sufficient quantity of feed for livestock. In the 
event that quotas were not met, the collective farm members 
were not entitled to more than 15 per cent of the actual thresh 
yield as part of their remuneration. 

An order was then issued requiring the members of the 
collective farms to return to the state all grain over ten per cent 
of the threshed yield. Naturally there could be no voluntary 
returns because most of the grain received had already been 
consumed and whatever was left was being saved by the 
peasants for future use. The authorities then started organ- 
izing special “booster brigades” to search for grain. The 
collective farm managements and the leaders of some of the 
districts bluntly stated: “There is no more grain, there is no 
possibility of fulfilling the grain-collection plan." 


TAKE THE LAST MORSEL OF FOOD 
FROM THE PEOPLE. 


The monthly plan for grain-collections in Ukraine 
shows only 28.9 per cent fulfillment of December 20 
and the annual plan allows for 70.4 per cent fulfilment. 
Only 6.3 per cent of the plan has been realized during 
the last five-days (December 15-20). Unduly lagging 
are the Dniepropetrovsk and Odessa regions. There 
is absolutely no imprevement in the Kharkiw region, 
especially in the individual sector where only 39.1 per 
cent of the plan was fulfilled as of December 21. A 
demoralized mood is noticeable everywhere. 

Setting in motion and raising the tempo of the 
grain-collections is a task of vital responsibility at 
present. 

The so-called visible resources of grain collections 


408 


in straw piles do not ensure the fulfilment of the plan. 
The task is assidiously to organize the work of re- 
threshing. According to the data of the Peoples 
Commissariat for Agriculture in Ukraine, released on 
january 10, re-threshing in 108 districts during the 
last few days yielded 25, 216 cwts. of grain. However, 
the misers and their henchman are using the same 
methods in re-threshing as they did during threshing, 
in order to discredit it. It is, therefore, necessary to 
nave tried and true members of the collective farms 
handle the re-threshing. 

However re-threshing does not decide the matter 
of fulfillment of the grain-collection plans. The basic 
grain to be collected must come through recovery of 
illegally-distributed grain advances as well as of 
stolen grain. Hundreds of thousands of hundred- 
weights of grain have been scattered and illegally 
distributed as advances. 

It is of the utmost necessity to manifest the 
greatest Bolshevik cohesion... in the realm of grain- 
collections. 

(Visti, December 21, 1932). 


THE MOST BACKWARD DISTRICT 
IN COLLECTION OF GRAIN. 


The district of Kryvoozero in the Odessa region 
occupies 49th place in grain-collection (Party secret- 
ary, Shepeliev and chairman of the District Executive 
Committee, Tampson) having fulfilled their plan by a 
mere 53.5 per cent. There is no struggle for grain in 
the district; every day brings in new facts about grain 
being wasted. Far example, one collective farm has 
made a book entry of 92 cwts. ef grain as expenses in 
connection with a mecting. 

Most of the kurkuls and malicious delinquents 
have concealed their grain in neighbouring villages. 

Insofar as re-threshing and the fanning of ci 
is concerned, no attempt has been made to start it, 
despite the fact that in some villages (Plosky. Osych- 
ky, Kamianna) such re-threshing yields 16-8 Kilo- 
grams of select grain. 

The village of Pisky in Bashtany district is not 


499 





moving at all, despite the fact that it was placed on 
the black list over two decades ago. Threshing and 
re-threshing is being conducted so as to discredit both. 
For example, the "Marx" artel threshes only a 
hundredweight or less per day. No one wants to work 
the threshing machine. А similar situation exists in 
the "Voroshilov" artel (there was an unusually high 
death rate in those villages I. D.). 

The chief of the Bashtany District Executive 
Committee, Shesko, does not want to know that some 
Party members have become agents of the kurkuls 
and are wreaking the grain-collection efforts... 

(Visti, January 2, 1933). 


RE-THRESHING STRAW AND CHAFF. 


The indebtedness on the individual sector with 
respect to grain-collections in the Dniepropetrovsk 
region, as of January 1, amounts 350,000 tons of grain. 

From what sources could the region relieve its 
indebtedness? The so-called visible resources of the 
region are few. About 15,100 hectares are still un- 
threshed. 

The problem of the sucessful conclusion of the 
grain-collection effort can best be solved by re-thresh- 
ing straw, fanning chaff and above all, by the recovery 
of the illegally-distributed grain advances, and the 
recovery of the pilfered grain. 

According to the data of the regional Grain- 
Collection Authority only 31.9 per cent of the straw 
was re-threshed and only 33.7 per cent of the chaff 
was fanned. This yielded only 5,059 tons of grain. 
16 districts did not even report on the amount of straw 
and chaff to be re-threshed. The region under- 
estimates re-threshing as one of the prime sources of 
fulfilling the grain-collection plan. 

Kurkul sabotage in this field of endeavour is 
not given a determined rebuff. 

Frequent occurrences have been noted in many 
districts where kurkul agents are purposely re- 
threshing piles of straw containing no grain. 

The director of the District Agricultural Section 


of Tomakiw is apparently satisfied by false reports 
from the artel "New Life," to the effect that re-thresh- 
ing of their straw piles yielded 25 cwt. of grain within 
five days... 

The recovery of illegally-advanced and stolen 
grain has not been commenced simultaneously with 
the re-threshing of straw and fanning of chaff. Accord- 
ing to the regional data, re-threshing was commenced 
in 17 districts, engaging a total of 1,060 threshing 
outfits. The recovery of pilfered grain consists of 
3,158 cwts. No effort has been made towards ful- 
filling the plan in the other 27 districts of the region, 
from which deliveries of industrial commodities had 
been barred as a reprisal for sabotage and stubbornness 
by the misers in fulfillment of the grain-collection plan. 

The Party emphatically demands action from the 
responsible organizations of the Dniepropetrovsk 
region, which is one of the basic grain regions. 

(Visti, January 5, 1933). 

A demoralized mood is prevalent throughout the 
collective farms of the Odessa region. The grain- 
collection plan, as of January 16, reached only 77.1 per 
cent of the quota. 

The present basic task of the regional is the 
completion of grain-collections by recovery of the 
stolen and illegally-distributed grain, and the re- 
threshing of the straw piles. Apparently nobody 
seems to pay any attention to the matters mentioned 
above. 

In the hamlet of Bereziwka, in the Ustym district, 
the activists of the collective farm discovered thirteen 
clandestine caches filled with grain. A great deal of 
stolen grain is being found secreted in the ground by 
kurkuls and their agents. 

(Visti, January 24, 1933). 








FIFTEEN PER CENT OF GRAIN TO BE 
ADVANCED TO COLLECTIVE FARMERS. 
The Ukrainian Collective Farm Center, by a 
decision of September 20, 1932, hereby establishes the 
following regulations:_ 
1. The management of the collective farms is obliged 


501 


502 


to conform to the orders governing the issuance 
of additional grain and produce allowances to col- 
lective farm members on account of work-days for 
the period January T to October 1, thus bringing 
the proportions of allowances to 15 per cent of the 
actual thresh yield as of October 1. 

. In the distribution of grain allowances, based оп 15 
per cent of the actual thresh yield, it is imperative 
to establish the rate of wages per day, and also to 
take into account the total amount of grain advanced 
during the period prior to threshing, and the 
amounts advanced in produce and supplies used in 
in community feeding. 

3. The management of the collective farms is obliged 
to terminate, by October 10, the distribution of 
additional allowances as per this resolution. 

4. The Regional and District Collective Farm Centres 

are obliged to take immediate 'steps towards im- 

plementing this resolution. 

This resolution does not concern those collective 

farms which, in accordance with the Ukrainian 

Collective Farm Centre of September 16, fulfilled 

their grain-collection plan, set aside the seed, live- 

stock feed and insurance supply, then distributed 
the surplus, in kind or profits, proportionately 
amongst their members. 
Chairman of the Board of the Ukrainian Collective 
Farm Centre. 
Maneyenko. 


té 


e 


(Visti, September 23, 1932. 


HOW COLLECTIVE FARM PROFITS WERE 
TO BE DISTRIBUTED. 


(Decision of the Peoples Commissariat of Agriculture 
and the Collective Farm Centre of the Ukrainia Soviet 
Socialist Republic). 

1. The People Commissariat of Agriculture and the 
Collective Farm Centre hereby order the regional 
and district agricultural and collective farm organi- 
zations to commence immediately the accounting of 
the collective farm profits tor 1932, bearing in mind 
that, on or before November 20, the collective farm 


3. Grain allowances are to be distributed in the 
following order: 

a) As remuneration for work-days, not less than 75 
per cent in kind, the balance to be distributed after 
the final accounting. 

b) Not less than 50 per cent is to be assigned in 
cash for workdays, the cash to be realized from sales 
of grain, beets, potatoes and other produce of the 
collective farms. 

4. It is categorically prohibited to reduce any 
allowances to which the collective farmers are 
entitled. 

5. Agricultural and collective farm organizations must 
ensure an increase in the valuation of workdays 
from 10 to 20 per cent on the basis of the quality of 
work rendered by collective farm members. 


ALL GRAIN OVER 10 PER CENT ALLOWANCE 
RETURNED. 


The collective farms “Laurenty” and “Frunze” in 
Oleksiyiw village soviet of the Bashtany district have 
completed their threshing and have halted deliveries of 
grain. The management of these collctive farms state: 
"Everything has been threshed and there is no more 
grain." 

The raiding brigade examined the quality of the 
threshing and discovered that a considerable quantity 
of grain had been left in the straw and chaff, and that 
over 18 per cent of the actual threshing yield had been 
distributed in kind to collective farm members. The 
raiding brigade convened a general meeting of the 
collective farm members at which 300 persons were 
present. The meeting unanimously decided to return 
voluntarily all grain received over and above 10 per cent 
of the actual thresh yield (according to а decision of 
the People’s Commissariat of Agriculture, they were 
authorized to receive 15 per cent of the actual thresh- 
ing yield I. D.), as well as to organize the re-threshing 
of straw. 

It was also decided to set up two special brigades 
of twenty men each, headed by leading shock workers, 


503 





Executed 


members should be fully acquainted with the state 
of the profits of the collective farm economy as a 
whole and the proportion of profits to be allotted to 
the members. Equalization, that is the system of 

distributing profits according to the number of 
consumers in each family, should be drastically 
reduced. Agricultural and collective farm organ- 
izations are hereby ordered to: 
a) Distribute profits solely on the basis of individual 
labor rendered in fully accountable work-days. 
b) Raise considerably the valuation of work-days 
in proportion to last year's valuation. 
с) Cultivate the tendency that an early discharge of 
obligations to the state is conducive to a rapid 
distribution of profits. 

2. As a rule after setting aside supplies of seed- and 
feed-grain, the surplus is to be divided amongst the 
collective farmers. Not less than 50 per cent of the 
surplus is to be paid in cash. In connection with 
this, a reserve supply of not less than ten per cent 
should be set aside as reserve for seed-grain, live- 
stock feed and funds for repayment of state loans. 
This is to be decided upon at meetings of the 
collective farm members. 


to recover the illegally-received grain. The result of 
the diligent work of these brigades (a thorough search 
for grain in peasant dwellings) in their endeavour to 
recover the grain may contribute to the fulfillment of 
the grain-collection plan. 
MYKHAILOVSKY 
(Visti, January 5, 1933). 


Instead of the recovery of illegally distributed and 
pilfered grain, as well as the re-threshing of straw in 
order to fulfill the plan, the district leaders of the Kiev 
region are wreaking these endeavours. 

In the Hemyaziw district a raid was organized 
to examine the quality of the threshing. In their 
reports the district leaders state that: "There is no 
possibility of fulfilling the grain-collection plan." 

(Visti, January 6 and 9, 1933). 


4. RED BROOM BRIGADES. 


The sub-commissions conducting various business campaigns 
in the villages were at that time of a permanent hature, and 
they have been especially active this year during the grain- 
collection campaign. 

These commissions conducted thorough searches for grain 
in every village dwelling and were popularly known as “red 
broom brigades” or “mortal broom brigades.” Acting on a 
slogan issued by the authorities — “Recover for the state, all 
illegally distributed grain allowances,” these brigades simply 
stripped each peasant . of grain and other produce, leaving him 
no alternative but to die of starvation. 

Here are accounts by living witnesses of the work of these 
brigades. In the village of Hudna in the Kharkiw region, a 
peasant was thus robbed and then sentenced to penal servitude 
in a concentration camp. Other accounts provide material 
dealing with the work of the brigades in the Poltava, Kiev and 
Kirovohrad regions. 


SUB-COMMISSIONS OF ROBBERS. 


45 per cent of the grain-collection plan for the 
Cherkassy district of the Kiev region is to be met by 
individual farmers. So far this sector has delivered 
only 3 per cent of the plan, therefore the grain-co- 


505 


lection plan in the individual sector must be the centre 
of attention for soviet organizations. 

Sub-commissions have been set up in some 
villages, but they have confined themselves purely to 
administration, thereby brutally contravening the 
Party line with respect to individual farmers. 

The heads of the sub-commission in the village of 
Kumeyky are placing a burden on indigent collective 
farmers who possess small individual plots. At the 
same time kurkul holdings are not similarly 
burdened. 

The acts of these kurkul agents, who have 
received no rebuff from village soviets or Party 
organizations, are clearly shown in the grain-collection 
plans. Only 1 per cent has been collected to date. 

This formulism of the sub-commission prevails in 
conducting grain-collections amongst the individual 


farmers in the district. 
(Visti, September 16, 1932). 





P. PYATNYCHENKO 
GAVE GRAIN BUT TOOK IT BACK LATER 


In the village of Domontiw in the Zolotonos district of the 
Poltava region, members of the collective farm received 40 
kopecks and 500 grams of grain (half in wheat and rye and the 
other half in millet, barley and buckwheat) for each workday 
during 1932. 

Scarcely two weeks had passed when an order came from 
the central authorities to return all the grain received. Only 
a few abided by the order; the vast majority did not return 
anything. Thereupon a district official, authorized to recover 
the grain, mobilized 30 activists in village, divided them into 
brigades, and started thorough searches of every peasant 
dwellig. Every kernel of grain thus recovered was brought 
back to the collective granary. 

Those who buried grain in the garden were unable to 
concealit. The brigades used metal rods for probing every inch 
of the peasants' garden and yard until they found the grain. 
They even gathered up and took away the bean seeds planted in 
the gardens. The remaining 27 individual farmrs in the village 


506 


did not escape the searches; every kernel of grain they possessed" 
was also confiscated, 

Thus the whole village was swept clean of all grain and 
rendered a potential victim of famine, 


YAVTUKH BEDZVIN 


SEIZED GRAIN AND THREATENED EXILE. 


It was autumn in the village of Huta in the Bohodukhiw 
district. The grain-collection was proceeding at a slow pace, 
because the peasants had virtually no grain. The authorized 
official in charge of grain-collection was said to be one by the 
name of Hordeyev. 

In order to intimidate the peasants this Hordeyev selected 
the most prominent villager, Mychaylo Shlensky, and levied a 
tremendous assessment on his property for the purpose of 
taxation. Naturally, Shlensky was not able to pay the tax levied, 
and he was thus prosecuted and sentenced to ten years penal 
servitude in the concentration camp as a saboteur of the grain- 
colleciton. 

Being thus intimidated by, Hordeyev, the peasants 
readily delivered the last meager supplies of grain in order to 
escape the fate of Shlensky. The result was that in a few weeks 
time they began to die of starvation. Virtually the entire village 
of Huta perished. The few who survived became cannibals. 

A similar fate befell other villages in that district, such as 
Hubariwka, Pawlivka, Yasynova, Roskopy, Oleshnia, and 
others. 

I was then employed by an organization engaged in 
collecting all kinds of raw material. I had the opportunity to 
travel to Kharkiw, where I witnessed some gruesome scenes. I 
saw thousands of corpses piled under the brigade on Rybna 
Square, brought there from all over the city. The corpses were 
then carted outside the city, dumped into a ravine and covered 
with garbage. The dead were peasants from the surrounding 
village who had attempted to escape starvation by coming to the 
city in the hope of finding some food. The residents of the city 
saw this gruesome picture but they were powerless to do 
anything about it. The authorities were elated and probably 
congratulated themselves on their success in smashing the 
ны of their foes, the Ukrainian peasantry, by an artificial 
amine. 


507 





M. NAZARETS 


NO END TO GRAIN-COLLECTIONS. 


Following the 1932 harvest in the village of Hubske, in the 
Poltava region, all grain coming out of the collective farm. 
threshing machine was immediately delivered to the state. The 
few villagers who were not members of the collective farm and 
who worked their own small plots of land., were also compelled 
to deliver their entire grain yield to the state. The collective 
farm members had small gardens, parts of which were seeded 
with grain for their own use. But these, too, did not escape the 
all-embracing grain-collection that covered not only but veg- 
etables and meat as well. 

The activists of the village achieved a high degree of 
success in their methods of ferreting out grain. Armed with 
steel rods and kindred implements, these activists would turn 
the farmyards upside down seizing everything edible, and woe 
betide the one whose yard revealed some concealed food. His 
kitchen utensils would be broken and his house practically 
demolished. The activists would naturally by-pass their own. 
dwelling where they kept a few things concealed for themselves. 
The authorities therefore adopted a different method. 

The entire group of Hubske activists was dispatched to the 
village of Enkiwtsi and the activists of Enkiwtsi were dispatched 
to Hubske. This method assured a more thorough search. One 
of the victims of this novel method was Volodymyr Yarmolenko, 





an erstwhile soviet partisan during the revolution. He was 
robbed of every particle of food. His family perished of 
starvation. 

The grain-collections terminated in the spring of 1933 when 
a mass famine set in, since there was no-one to look either for 
grain or for those who had died of starvation... 

When the grain-collection executions took place, many 
people though that the higher authorities were unaware of what 
was happening in the locatities. They sent complaints to the 
regions, to Moscow and even to Stalin himself. Some received 
replies directing them to discuss the matter with the local 
authorities. Thus M. P. a local village teacher wrote a letter 
to Stalin. In reply he received the following: "Stalin has 
received a great number of these complaints, therefore we are 
returning your statement. Take the matter up with your local 
authorities..." 

Obviously the local authorities were the authorities of 
Stalin. 


В. L. SUSLYK 


SEARCH FOR GRAIN IN POTS AND JUGS. 


The collective farm “Voroshilov” of Severynowka hamlet 
in the Hrunsky district had 260 fectares of land under crops іп 
1932. Thelevy for the grain-collection was 360 tons of the yield. 
When the peasants, who believed that there was some mistake, 
protested, the district authorities replied that the plan was 
lawful as the state was concerned. 

The threshed grain, after deduction of the winter seed-grain 
supply, was all delivered to the elevator at Hadyach. 100 grams 
of screenings for each workday was allotted to the members of 
the collective farm. The grain-collection plan was far from 
being fulfilled; it was short by scores of tons. The district 
stubbornly demanded deliveries of more grain. 

The district authorities sent a commission to the village to 
inspect the empty bins in the peasant granaries. The Commission 
came to the conclusion that the grain was improperty threshed. 
Re-threshing of straw was begun and it yielded 20-30-kilograms 
of screenings per day. The plan could not be fulfilled. 

Later on, a few dozen people arrived from the village of 
Pirky. This was a special search commission armed with 


509 


various implements to use in the search for hidden grain. The 
commission promptly started work. 

The fields were thoroughly examined for freshly disturbed 
ground marking a possible cache of grain. Others of the 
commission examined the barns, the gardens, the ovens and the 
walls. Anything that seemed a little suspicious was promptly 
demolished; trunks, barrels, pots and pans were minutely 
examined. The progress of the commission’s work was marked 
by slowly mounting wagonloads of pots, jugs, packages and 
pouches containing grain, millet, beans, peas, corn and flor, and 
domestic millstones seized in order to prevent the peasants from 
crushing their own grain. 

The search did not bring the desired results; it yielded but 
a few kilograms of divers cereals. The search was abandoned 
and the village left to face starvation. 


А. HIRCHAKIVETS 


HEARTH SEARCHED FOR GRAIN DURING 
THE GRAIN-COLLECTION CAMPAIGN. 


Grain-collections paved the way for a mass famine in the 
village of Shcherbashynka in the Medvyn district in Kiev region. 
The entire crop of the collective farm was gathered and threshed 
and all grain was promptly delivered to the state elevators. No 
seed-grain supply was left. The members of the collective farm 
each received 500 grams of screenings as remuneration each 
workday. The number of workdays was small, therefore the 
allowances of screenings could last only until the winter. Those 
with large families were hardest hit. 

The individual farmers who separated their grain by flails 
were also compelled to deliver their entire yield to the state. 
Their straw was later taken to the community threshing yard 
for re-threshing. 

Despite the fact that all the grain was removed as it came 
out of the separator, the grain-collection went on unabated 
because the plan was far from being fulfilled. Search brigades 
were active; they were located at the dwelling of Levko Bere- 
stowy, Artem Shchyrba, Pavlo Stetsenko, Katherine Kovalenko, 
Foma Avramenko, etc. 

The activities of the brigades were directed by an imported 
chairman of the village soviet, Tereshchenko, and his two aides, 
Kryzhanivsky and Cohen. The brigades conducted daily 


510 


searches of the dwellings, minutely examined everything and 
confiscated anything of an edible nature. They examined the 
ovens and checked what food was consumet. 

One day in winter these brigades stopped an old man, Petro 
Dibrova, on the street and took off his boots and overcoat. 
Petro's old sister was taken to the office of the village soviet 
were suspencted of secreting some grain. The sons of these 
two old people had earlier escaped to Donbas.... 


PETRO KULISH 
SEIZED EVERYTHING EVEN DURING THE FAMINE. 


By March of 1933 a small number of individual farmers still 
remained in the village of Zhabotyn in the Kamyansky district 
in Kirovohrad region. Amongst them were those who had 
some members of theirs family in the collective farm, but the 
remainder who were not members, were nicknamed “indusses.” 

Professional Communist party henchmen, detailed from 
Moscow in 1930 to herd the Ukrainian péasants into collective 
farms, were as active as ever in their abhorrent work; they 
searched for grain long non-existent, and intimidated the 
peasants with the crudest kind of blackmail to the effect that 
those who did not want to join the collective farms were hostile 
to collectivization. 

Brigades of Young Communists and village activists 
systematically raided the village, seizing every remnant of grain, 
leaving the peasants without a morsel of food. If grain was 
found concealed in dwelling, then both the grain and the 
dwelling were confiscated on the grounds that those who dwell 
there were kurkuls. They were immediately arrested and 
sentenced to exile and forced labor in the Siberian concentration 
camps. 

By April the entire population was starving. They used 
tree leaves with potato scraps as food. Those who had some 
old clothing or footwear, were able to barter them for food with 
village activists. Those unable to obtain some admixture 
for tree-leaves were compelled to go to a distillery in the 
neighbouring village of Melnyky, there to retrieve the pigswill 
from the dumps, swill which was discarded as unfit for live- 
stock feed. 

My neighbour, Pylyp Mykolenko, also went to get this 
‘food,’ but he went only once and brought home about 20 kilo- 


sw 


grams of the wet swill. The results of this trip proved fatal. 
Being in emaciated condition, he caught a cold and died. His 
wife still continued to work at the collective farm although she 
was swollen with hunger. Once in a while she would receive 
200 grams of grain. She would mix it with tree leaves, and bake 
it into buns (she survived). Pylyp's brother, Timothy Myko- 
lenko, 40 years of age and swollen with hunger, tried to save his 
life by deciding to move to the mining centers of Kryvy Rih or 
Donbas, where the workers received some bread rations. 
Gathering his remaining energy, he went back to the Zhabotyn 
village soviet to ask for a permit to leave the village. He 
received none, but was told to go back and work on the 
collective farm. Timothy was too weak to return home even 
though the distance was only half a kilometre. 

He sat down to rest in the weeds behind the village soviet 
building and there he died. Next day the burial brigade picked 
up his remains and dumped them into an excavation especially 
prepared to receive the remains of a multitude of peasants. 


TOTAL COLLAPSE AND END 
OF GRAIN-COLLECTIONS. 


The monts of January 1933 did not bring any radical 
changes in the fulfillment of grain-collections. They remained 
stationary at an average of 70 per cent. The authorities then 
designated a third term for the fulfillment of plans, to terminate 
about the third of March. The search brigades in the villages 
were set into motion, but there was no more grain... The 
fulfillment of the plans therefore remained at the original figure 
of around 70 per cent т most districts and regions. То 
designate further terms was sheer stupidity even for the bol- 
sheviks. The Ukrainians peasants, stricken by a mortal famine, 
had no interest in the matter. 

Therefore the authorities ceased to mention grain collections 
about the first of March, and commenced a raucous publicity 
campaign in preparation for the spring-seeding effort, which 
was now in danger of collepse, especially in the individual farm 
sector. The leaders in Moscow proclaimed their decision to 
ensure a supply of seed-grain and thorough preparation for the 
seeding campaign. However, the Ukrainian village were then 
in the throes of mortal agony caused by a terrible artificial 
famine. 








$12 


THE GOVERNMENT AND THE PARTY 
CONCERNED ABOUT THE SOIL 
OF INDIVIDUAL FARMERS. 


The Council of People's Commissars and the 
Central Committee of the Communist Party of the 
Soviet Union recognize the extremely unsatisfactory 
state of preparation of individual farmers for spring 
seeding. By March 20 only 728,000 cwts. or 42 per 
cent of the seed-grain plan was planed in the individual 
farm sector. The delinquency of the individual sector 
is especially noted in districts with a high percentage 
of collectivization. 

The CPC and the CC believe that such a state of 
affairs in the individual sector places the fulfillment 
of plans, for the spring seeding campaign in an ext- 
remely dangerous position. It is therefore proposed 
that all regional, district and local executive commi- 
ttees: 

1. Complete the execution of the seeding-plan within 
three days by furnishing each individual farmer 
with details of the plan as well as with the required 
supply of seed-grain. 

2. Check the preparation of soil of individual farmers 
in every village soviet. 

3. Have the collective farms assist individual farmers 
in overhauling their implements. 

4. Furnish horses to individual farmers where 
necessary. 

5. Set up special commission composed of chiefs of 
village soviets, district representatives, and re- 
presentatives of the individual farmers, to organize 
and conduct spring seeding in the individual sector. 

Chairman of the CPC of USSR, Molotov. 
Secretary of CC of CPSU, Stalin. 


CHAPTER IV 


MORTAL FAMINE IN THE UKRAINIAN VILLAGE 


The famine started immediately following the harvest and 
threshing in the fall of 1932, when all grain coming out of the 
threshing machines was promptly delivered to the state elevators 
and warehouses. The meagre supplies of grain that peasants 
received as their allowances or stole from collective farms, were 
totally insufficient for normal needs. The peasants consumed 
these supplies with the utmost care to make them last as long 
as possible. In addition to being very limited in quantity, the 
grain supply was decidedly inferior in quality, being either 
screenngs or barley, millet, corn, etc. 

The peasants existed on such vegetables as potatoes, beets, 
pumpkin, and cabbage of which they had limited quantities in 
their own gardens. But due to lack of a minimum amount of 
bread their bodies became swollen from emaciation and death 
followed as a result. 

With the approach of the winter months, the death rate 
increased cosiderably. By spring the death rate became very 
s " m 





Children — victims of famine 


515 


high because all the supplies were gone. Death swept away 
whole families, in every village so that it became impessible to 
bury the hundreds of corpses. The highest death rate occurred 
in the months of April, May and June when the surviving hunger- 
riddem people ravenously consumed any green vegetation, and 
immediately an epidemic of dysentery occurred. The death 
rate abated somewhat at the end of June and during the 
succeding months of July and August when the peasants and 
collective farmers were permitted to receive some food products 
from the new harvest. Matters improved gradually during the 
harvest with the organization of community kithchens which 
were supplied with food from the previons year's harvest. The 
authorities took this step in order to save the current harvest. 


PEOPLE AND HORSES DIED DURING FAMINE. 


The soviet press did not carry any direct news of the famine 
in Ukraine nor of the terrible death rate which resulted. The 
party and the local censorship took severe steps to supress any 
publicity about the famine. Locally, the term farnine was not 
used, but the term "financial difficulties," was substituted during 
discussions at the meetings. However, an entire array of other 
documents relate to the famine. 

In some measure documents telling of the state of livestock, 
particularly of draught horses, on the eve of the spring seeding 
in 1933 are significant. When the peasant collective 
farmers had no food, they did not care whether the horses in 
the collective farms were fed or not. When people died of 
starvation, it was not surprising that the horses died in droves. 

Many horses perished even during the spring of 1932, when 
the famine began in Ukrainian villages and death devastated 
them. The horses were either being killed or were let loose to 
wander wherever they might because there was no feed them. 
The authorities were therefore compelled to take notice of the 
situation. The spring seeding campaign of 1932, as well as the 
harvest, showed a decided lack of dray horses. But in the spring 
of 1933 the situation became much worse. The starving people 
stole and consumed the feed designated for the horses, while the 
horses died. The government then ordered mobilization of 
milch cows as draught animals during seeding. 

In some villages more than half of the draught horses 
perished. For example in the Medvyn collective farm “Stalin,” 
75 per cent of the horses perished. 





516 


DESPERATE ATTEMPT TO SAVE HORSES. 


(From a decision of the All-Ukrainian Central 
Executive Committee and the Council of Peoples 
Commissars, regarding prohibition against slaughter- 
ing horses, January 1, 1932). 

The All-Ukrainian Central Executive Committee 
and the Council of Peoples Commissars hereby resolve 
to: 

l. Prohibit the slaughter of horses suitable for 
draught purposes as well as breading, or colts, except 
in cases of total incapacity. In addition, the predatory 
exploitation and inefficient care of horses is prohibited. 

2. For illegal slaughter (without a permit from a 
veterinary surgeon) of horses by individual farmers as 
well as malicious crippling of them, the District 
Executive Committees and the City Councils are to 
impose administrative fines to the extent of the full 
value of the said animals. In cases where the kur- 
kul's or individual farmer's livestock perpetrate such 
crimes or cause others to perpetrate them, the DEC's 
and the CC's are empowered to confiscate not only the 
animal concerned but the entire herd or a part of it. In 
addition to this, the kurkuls and the individual 
farmers are to be prosecuted as criminals. 

3. Any infraction of the order set down in Article 
1 of this resolution, relating to the socialized sector 
(collective farm, state farm, machine and horse 
stations, establishments, enterprises) is to be regarded 
as criminal responsibility. For careless handling of 
horses, in the socialized sector, resulting in the death 
of the animal, a penalty to the extent of the value of 
the animal is to be imposed and deducted from the 
workdays of the guilty party. 

4. Condemning of horses can be done only by 
permission of the Veterinary-Sanitary authority on 
the basis of a special instruction from the Peoples" 
Commissariat of Agriculture. 

5. Use of mares in fool and colts for draught work 
may be allowed only by permission of the veterinary 
technician. 

6. An organization of the socialized sector possess- 


517 


ing horses must furnish a list of the said animals on 
proper official forms to the Peoples Commissariat of 
Agriculture. 

7. The sale of horses and colts by the socialized 
sector to private persons forbidden. 

8. The District Committees, city soviets and village 
soviets must round up stray horses and colts and 
transfer those cepable of it to the district collective 
farms for draught work... 

(Visti, January 2, 1932. 


COLLECTIVE FARM HORSES PERISH 
FROM LACK OF CARE. 


The collective farm “Voroshilov” (Zaporizhya 
district) had 75 horses, but now they have only 50 
because 25 have died from lack of care. The horses 
are kept in three stables. The stables are cold. 
Nobody is held responsible for them. The construc- 
tion of a new stable was started in April but it has not 
been completed; local building material is not being 
utilized... 

In the collective farm “Вед Vasylkiw," nobody 
cares for the horses. There was a time when nobody 
went to the barn for a whole day. The horses are not 
at all prepared for the spring... 

In the collective farm “Commintern” in the 
Ochakiw district, the horses are totally negleted. 
Feeding is very poor, and has resulted in the death of 
ten horses. The sick horses are not segregated from 
the healthy ones. The sickness has spread to seven 
other horses. x 

In many of the collective farms of the villages in 
the Haysyn district the horses are emaciated... 

There are frequent incidents when feed, issued 
for the horses, is removed by the stable help to feed 
their private live-stock. 

It is imperative, according to the resolution of the 
Peoples’ Commissariat of Agriculture, to bring to 
account all those guilty of pilfering the feed, of 
negligence in caring for horses as well as of maining 
them. 

(Visti, January, 1932). 


STARVING COLLECTIVE FARM HORSES. 


The loss of draught horses in the Pryluky dis- 
trict during last winter and spring amonts to 30 per 
cent of the herd. These collective farms are repeating 
the same mistakes this fall; negligence in the care and 
use of horses is rife. 

More then half of the horses in the Perevolochane 
collective farm have been maimed and rendered useless. 
These horses are now being let loose to roam and 
forage at will. Feed was left scattered all over the 
fields and is rotting. 

The collective farm "Artem," of the Pereyizd- 
nyansk village soviet, has left 30 of the better horses 
without any care. There is no steady stable help. 
The horses are sick and dying. 

The horses at the collective farm "Illyich" are 
lean and weak. They are never cleaned or washed; 
their mouths are covered with sores. 

The state farm “Kuybishev” lost 50 per cent of 
its draught horses. 

(Visti, October 24, 1932). 


DETERMINED TO SAVE HORSES. 


Ten per cent of the draught horses died during 
the last nine months of this year in districts in the 
Chernyhiw region. In districts such as Varvariw, the 
loss amounted to 13 per cent, Pryluky — 14 per cent. 
Nedryhayliw — 20 per cent, and Horodnyany as much 
as 26 per cent. 

The masses of collective and individual farmers 
of the middle and poor class are not yet mobilized for 
predatory attitude to the horse and the ох. In many 
a struggle against negligence and a malicious and 
of the collective farms there is still that kurkul 
incompetence in the care and use of draught livestock... 

Numerous examples can be pointed out of 
complete disregard of the most elementary rules of 
care for horses; cleaning, watering and feeding are 
irregular; horses stand up to their knees in manure... 

In many collective farms the feed is being pilfered, 
but the regional, district and executive village com- 


519 


mittees are not employing efficient measures to halt 
this. There are numerous accounts of foaling mares 
and colts being used for heavy draught work. In the 
Zlatopil district 90 per cent of the mares have foaled 
prematurely. 

It is necessary immediately to eject kurkuls 
and their agents, put a determined stop to the pilfering 
of feed, and pay special attention to the organization 
of proper care and better management of the collective 
farm stables. 

(Visti, March 3, 1933). 


A number of the leading collective farms of the 
Onopriyiw district in the Kharkiw region, began the 
practice of steaming coarse feeds in order to raise the 
general well-being of the horses. The straw and the 
chaff is being steamed by brigades of the “Comintern,” 
“Komsomolsk,” “Zalyvche,” and “Shevchenko” col- 
lective farms. In the “Marx” collective farm the 
Young Communists, together with the collective farm 
activists, became a spear head in this endeavour. 

These efforts have already yielded positive results; 
the number of emaciated horses has been reduced. 

(Visti, March 3, 1933). 


MILCH COWS REPLACE HORSES. 


The district Agricultural Branch of the Heni- 
chewsk district in Dnepropetrovsk region is preparing 
cows for the spring seeding campaign. 

Spring seeding begins early in this district. 76.951 
hectares must be placed under crops, half of which 
will be sown to early spring crops. 

In order to achieve the early fulfilment of the plan, 
skilful maneuvering of the draught stock is imperative, 
including the use of milch cows in auxilliary work. 

The general draught-animal situation in the dis- 
trict is anything but satisfactory. There is no accurate 
balance-sheet of horses suitable for work and those 
to be restored to fitness. 

The use of milch cows for light work had actually 
ceased. The District Agricultural Branch designated 
1,777 cows for use at seeding time and made technical 





allotments for each village soviet. Locally, the matter 
was treated carelessly. The lack of preparation is 
noticeable even in the better collective farms. 

For instance, Krukovsky's brigade at the col- 
lective farm “Farmer's Toil” which has to seed 270 
hectares, has only 26 horses at its disposal. The 
brigade has not even considered using cows. 

(Visti, March 17, 1933). 


76.2 PER CENT OF THE HORSES DIED 
DURING THE YEAR. 


Particularly devastating damage at the hands of 
the wreckers (not local but Muscovite, I. D.) has been 
wrecked upon the livestock of the collective farm 
“Stalin” in the village of Medwyn in the Kiev region. 
Unmindful of the fact that it was possible to secure 
the required feed last summer, Medvediev, Hohulia 
and the director of livestock, Zolotochub, adopted a 
kurkul attitude towards it. Neither the first two 
“heroes,” practicing kurkuls, nor the latter 
evinced any interest in the development of livestock, 
took no steps to improve their care, or to create a 
sound feed base. 50 hectares of clover and 50 hectares 
of hay remained unmowed on the field. The herd 
died in great numbers due to lack of feed. 

As a result of such predatory work, the collective 
farm lost 107 horses in a year. Of the remaining 117.64 
were rendered totally unfit for draught work. In 
addition to horses 2 cows, 18 sows. and 103 other pigs 
have died. 

(Bilshovyk Bohuslavshchyny. March 22-24, 1933). 


2. STARVING PEOPLE UNABLE TO WORK 
NORMALLY ON THE FIELDS. 


There are also other documents concerned with the state of 
starvation existing in the Ukrainian villages and the resultant 
mortality. There are some of them; 

Thefts became commonplace during the famine; they began 
in the fall of 1932 and assumed a mass character during the winter 
and spring. The authorities made no attempt whatsoever to 
combat it. 


521 


In winter the thefts most frequently took place around 
collective piggeries and barns. 

When the spring seeding campaign began, the members 
of the collective farms seized every opportunity to steal some 
seed grain. Sometimes the leaders of collective farms used seed 
grain loaned by the state for distribution as food for their 
members, 

One document tells of hungry peasants toiling on the 
fields, spending more time in rest than work. It also relates 
how seeds of peas and oats were distributed as food for the 
workers. 

Other documents tell of how the management of a collective 
farm slaughtered 70 head of sheep in order to save their 
members from mortal starvation. It also relates that, in one of 
the death ravaged villages, "no section of the village soviet is 
functioning; the village activists have disappeared." 

In still another document an instance is related of the total 
lack of interest in the village in the work of the collective farm. 
Everyone waited for nightfall. There was a lack of manpower, 
seed drills being operated by underage children. When col- 
lective farmers stole grain from seed-drills it was again attribut- 
ed to the "class enemy." Many thousand of hectares of land lay 
fallow, because there was no-one to till it and nothing totill it 
with. Cows and calves, never before harnessed, were mobilized for 
draught work. The hungry village had no interest in tilling 
the soil no matter how much the authorities tried to encourage 
and spur them to work. 

In the summer of 1932 large tracts of untilled land yielded 
a bountiful crop of weeds. These weedy tracts became ideal 
breeding-places for rodents. The rodent population became so 
large in the spring of 1933 that all the beet plantations were in 
danger of total destruction. It became impossible to combat the 
infestation, due to lack of manpower. 


THEFTS, A COMMONPLACE PHENOMENON. 


Thefts in our village of Yaroslavetz in the Bobro- 
vinsk district became a commonplace phenomenon. 
Thefts occurred both day and night. Stealing began 
with livestock and ended with chicken and geese. 

The attitude of the village soviet to the epidemic 
of thefts was mysterious. The chairman of the village 


soviet, Vavchenko, and the secretary, Buriak, were 
devoted to drunkeness rather than the welfare of the 
village. 

"The peasants were openly saying that the chair- 
man and the secrétary went on drinking sprees with 
bandits and thieves. The militia simply filed the thefts 
and released the thieves. 

The peasants are afraid to complain because when 
the militia release the thieves, they are liable to wreak 
vengeance upon them. 

(Visti, September 8, 1933). 


PROTECTION OF SEED AND FEED 
FROM THE STARVING. 


The Tsiuruopin districts has been fully provided 
with seed, grain, and feed but the matter of protecting 
them has not been settled. 

When the seed grain was being cleaned at the 
collective farm “Ргауда” one of its members, Kavun, 
was caught with 12 kilograms of grain. In the col- 
lective farm "Frunze" an old collective farm member, 
Dushnyk, stole 4 cwts. of barley and hid it in his 
sister's dwelling. 

The Holoprystan district received fifty per cent 
of the required seed-grain from the state grain loan 
fund and should have trebled the guard. 

The collective farm “Comintern” of the Kolegy 
village soviet together with the authorized re- 
presentative of the District Executive Committee, Si-, 
delkin, and the chairmen of the collective farms, Ku- 
ryakov and Pytanets, having received the seed grain 
allotment, have begun distributing the seed as food to 
mernbers of the collective farms. 

This results in the pilfering of seed-grain and 
actions by hostile elements. 

(Visti, March 22, 1933). 


V. S. DOBROVOLSKA 


THEFTS OF HOG FEED. 


At the collective farm “Red Starlet,” in the village 
of Medvyn in Kiev region, the farm director, Zamriy 


523 


524 


Huriy, the manager of the piggery, Biliawsky, and 
Shabednyk and Okhrimenko pilfered chops detailed, 
for hog feed as well as chaff piled on the field. 

All these thieves are close personal friends and 
act with impunity, but the chairman of the collective 
farm, Nechytaylo, does not realize it. This same Ne- 
chytaylo has applied to the director of number three 
school for the position of janitor. 

It is imperative to have a thorough check of the 
work of thieves as well as that of the chairman of the 
collective farm; all their workdays of a doubtful nature 
should be deducted, and they should be prosecuted for 
pilfering collective farm property. 

(From the newspaper Bilshovyk Bohuslavshehyny, organ of 
the Political Branch of the Medvyn Machine-Tractor Station, 
December 8—10, 1932), 


THEFT OF SEED GRAIN BY THE STARVING. 


Despite the clear directives of the central regional 
organizations regarding provisions for the strict 
guarding of seed-grain during the seeding campaign, 
many districts of the Dniepropetrovsk region failed to 
comply. 

In the Blahodatniw district thefts of seed-grain 
by kurkul agents began on the very first day of 
seeding. In the artel “Shostipillia,” in the Poloh 
district, Moskalenko's brigade systematically holds 
back 8—10 kilograms of seed per hectare. In the 
"Petrovsky" artel of the Novo-Vasylkiwsky district 
seed-grain is being stolen from the seed drill. In the 
“Stalin” artel the teamsters are systematically pilfering 
seed-grain. 

In some collective farm in the Kamensky district 
the seed-grain is being pilfered by reducing the plant- 
ing norm. In the artel "Towards Better Life" seed- 
grain is being pilfered during cleaning and formaline 
treating. Teamster Kuzenko steals chops for feeding 
horses (the hungry want even livestock-feed I. D.). 

Seed-grain is being pilfered in the artels “Dzer- 
zhynsky," "Co-operator" and “Second Bolshevik 
Spring." 

Instances of pilfering are known to chairmen of 


village soviets and artels in district organizations, but 
the pilferers of socialist property have not been pro- 
secuted to date (all those officials of the local author- 
ities thus did their best to save people from death by 
starvation I. D.). 

(Visti, April 2, 1933). 


STARVING PEOPLE UNABLE TO WORK. 


The collective farm "Kosior" in the Mykolayiw 
district has 9,000 hectares suitable for cultivation. 
This area should have been seeded within 6—7 weeks, 
but they only seeded 3,5 thousand hectares. 

People report for work at 6 o'clock in the 
morning; they show up on the field at 8 o'clock and 
work until 10 o'clock. From 10 to 11 they have their 
breakfast. They work again from 11 to 12.30 when 
they stop for lunch which lasts until 3.30. At 7.30 p.m. 
they start for the village, arriving there at 9 p.m. 
Instead of 16 hours of actual work, they put in only 
7'^ hours. 

(Visti, April 23, 1933). 


In the village of Rossotky, in the Lypovetsky 
district, oats are being seeded directly on the stubble. 
It is then being covered up with lumps of soil so large 
that not only the plant but the whole District Agri- 
cultural Branch would be unable to creep from under 
them. Often they seed not oats but some kind of 
screenings. Sowing is done by hand instead of seed- 
drill. 

There is no control over losses from the seed- 
grain loan from the state. In the village of Skytka 
when a seed loan of this nature was received it was 
distributed as food allowances. 

(Visti, May 15, 1933). 


STARVING PEOPLE AND HORSES. 


In the artel “Voroshilov” of the Henichew dis- 
trict, a class enerny who last fall conducted a stubborn 
resistance to grain collection, during the winter 
neglected the horses to such an extent that they were 
rendered useless for spring seeding work (no feed for 


525 


526 


horses because the authorities grabbed everything 
I. D.) he is the culprit who dwells in the jungle of 
inactivity, wrecks discipline, wrecks the seeding- 
campaign and wrecks its quality... The collective farm 
has fifty horses but they are not working (unfit for 
work because they were underfed I. D.). 

The actual workday on the fields, put in by 
members of the collective farm, consists of 0.3 to 0.4 of 
the 16 hour day that should normally be put in. 

(Visti, May 2, 1933), 

In the village of Novo-Kamianka in the Alexand- 
tiwsk district in the Odessa region, the grain-collection 
plan is not being fulfilled, many horses have died, much 
of last year’s crop lies on the fields unharvested (the 
collective farmers saw that the state takes away all the 
grain and leaves them to starve, therefore they did not 
want to work for nothing I. D.). 

42 horses have died within the last two and a half 
months, due to lack of care. 70 sheep have been 
slaughtered within the last month and a half, and all 
the mutton has been consumed; the shock-workers in 
the collectives received none. 35 head of sheep were 
recently sold in Odssa. 

100 cwts: of cotton were left to rot on the fields. 


` The cotton that was picked was used for fuel during 


last winter. No section of the village soviet is work- 
ing. There areno activists in the village. 
(Visti, May 15, 1933). 





HUNGRY PEOPLE WORK ON THE FIELDS. 


The brigades of the collective farm “Green 
Grove” do not know what to do next. People come 
out to the fields each morning without the slightest 
idea of what their task will be for the day. Tasks are 
being altered several times each day. The horses are not 
assigned to particular people but pass from hand to 
hand. Everyone on the field awaits nightfall (starving 
people are not interested in work I. D.). The collec- 
tive farm is not interested in the quality nor the 
quantity of work done. 

Seeding time showed that seed drills were not 


overhauled. Seeding is being done haphazardly and 
consequently is not at all uniform. Instead of seeding 
11 cwts, per hectare, they seed only 10 cwts. 

In the artel "Lenin" of the Sakhnowsky district, 
only 75 per cent of the workers appear regularly for 
work. In the artel "Red Path," shock-workers start 
work at 5 a.m. while thé idlers start at 9 a.m. 

The class enemy endeavors to foment most of 
the trouble around the seed drills (hungry people had 
a chance to consume a few kernels of grain there I. D.). 
It is therefore advisable to have seed drills placed in 
charge of the most trustworthy collective farm 
members. 

The artel “Red Sower" of Henichew has contr- 
avened certain agronomy regulations; 50 hectares of 
land had been seeded badly and the whole of that area 
had to be re-seeded. In the artel “Path of Illich,” 12 
and 13 year old children are manning the seed drills. 
In the artel “Spartak” of the Tsiurupyn district, only 
25 per cent of the horses are working. 

(Visti, April 4, 1933). 

"Thousands of hectares of untilled and unseeded 
land remain idle around the Lokhvitsya Machine- 
"Tractor Station. 

The draught resources of the Melitopol district 
are small — 90 tractors and 1,500 draught horses. 
These resources are being utilized but they are 
insufficient. They have mobilized 800 cows and 
bullocks. The horses are being fed with a mixture of 
steamed chaff and freshly-cut grass in order to prevent 


gastric troubles. The horses are improving generally. 
, May 24, 1933). 


THRESHED GRAIN IS DISTRIBUTED 
TO STARVING PEOPLE. 


In the artel Holowcsyntsi in the Zhmerynka dis- 
trict, they reaped 11 hectares of wheat and 9 hectares 
of rye and distributed all of it to the collective farm 
members... 

In the collective farm “The Star” in the Derezh- 
niany district, they distributed 60 per cent of the actual 
thresh yield. In the artel “Sower” they succeeded in 








527 


distributing all the grain that was threshed. In the 
artel “Memory of Lenin," more grain was distributed 
than was actually threshed; they threshed 207 cwts. 
and issued allowance orders to the arnount of 518 cwts. 
(Visti, September 1, 1933*. 
NO ONE TO TEND THE BEET FIELDS. 


In many districts the weeding and thinning of 
beets has come to a halt. In the Khristiniw district 
only 36.1 per cent of the beet field has been thinned. 
In Bralawsk, 54.8 per cent and in Makhnivsk, 58 per 
cent. 

In the collective farm ""Chubar" in Ivanovo, on the 
Novo-Ukrainsky district, of 200 hectares under beets, 
90 were lost because the collective farm management 
neglected to organize cultivation. The remainder of 
the beet plantation is smothering under weeds, indicat- 
ing small hope for any yield. No one works on the 
beet fields... 

(Visti, September 9, 1933). 

The established yield plan of 100 cwts. of beets 
from a hectare of land proved unrealistic. The reality 
proved that the maximum obtainable yield per hectare 
averages 20—25 cwts. 

(Visti, October 14, 1932). 

According to a directive of the Ukrainian Govern- 
ment, the beets should have been completely harvested 
and delivered to the sugar refineries; however, only 55 
per cent of the plan was fulfilled as of today... 

(Visti, October 24, 1933), 


NO-ONE TO WEED THE BEET FIELDS. 


In the artel “Kosior,” women who hoe the 
gardens have displayed little quality in their work. 
They hoe five hectares of beets without touching the 
weeds. They are not fulfilling their norms; they are 
always late for work. 

(Visti, May 24, 1933). 

Large tracts of sugar beets in the Smila district 
have died and have to be replanted. The beet fields 
have beaten down by rains and the plants have been 
attacked by parasites. No effort has been more to 
correct this. 






The beettfields of Kamyanets Podilsky are 
heavily infested with beet parasites which threaten to 
destroy the entire crop. 

(Visti, June 1, 1933). 

The parasite has invaded the beet fields and is 
destroying the crop. АП the able-bodied must be 
mobilized (very few were able-bodied at that time 
I. D.) to struggle against the beet parasite in order 
to save the seeded area. 

One third of the plantations of sugar beet in the 
Wynnitzia region are infested with parasites. 
Thousands of hectares have been destroyed. A de- 
termined struggle against the parasites is not being 
organized in the majority of districts. They refuse to 
pick them by hand. 

Around the Makiwka Machine-Tractor Station 
34 kilograms of parasited have been picked off by 
hand from four thousand hectares. In the neighbour- 
ing area 143 kilograms of parasites have been gathered 
by hand from 4 thousand hectares. 

In the Nemyriw district the struggle against the 
parasite has been impeded by a lack troughs for 
molasses. Instead of the required 8,600, only 500 
were prepared. 

(Visti, June 3, 1933). 


3. GRAIN-RICH POLTAVA REGION PERISHING 
BECAUSE OF STARVATION. 


Documents are being presented by living witnesses about 
the mass mortality due to starvation in the Poltava region alone. 

People crazed by starvation frequently slaughtered their 
children or whenever they obtained some bread daused their 
own deaths by consuming it ravenously. Nobody bothered to 
bury the dead; they were left to be preyed upon by ravens. The 
bodies of those who died in their dwellings were dovoured by 
rats. The members of the collective farms were fed with a 
mixture of buckwheat chaff. It is interesting to note that most 
of those who died were men and young boys. 

Here are classic examples of collective farm slavery. A 
hungry woman with a hoe in her hand fell dead in front of the 
collective farm office. A woman dug out some refuse from a 


529 


soap factory and brought it home to eat. She and her family 
died immediately after eating it. An erstwhile merchant, finding 
himself in dire straits, took his last precious, personal possessions 
to the market, but died before having an opportunity to barter 
them for food. It is also interesting to note that cases of suicide 
were rare, despite the fact that many of those starving were 
half-crazed; they lacked the willpower to commit suicide. But 
there were people who had the courage to commit suicide. An 
erstwhile Red partizan hanged himself in front of the District 
Executive Committee office. Another man went to the cemetery 
and died on his father’s grave. Diametrical opposites to these 
were cases of crazed human beings who starved their children 
in order to save their own lives. 

There is a case of a man being hunted by the authorities 
who travelled back to his native village, bringing few scraps of 
food for his family. The facts of famine were concealed from 
Red Army servicemen. A document illustrates a case in which a* 
Red Army serviceman returns home only to find all his family 
dead of starvation. 


IVAN KLYMKO 


HANGED HIS CHILDREN. 


Vasyl Luchko, who lived in a hamlet called Lukashenky, in 
the Reshetyliw district of the Poltava region, was a member of 
a collective farm in 1933 and had a family of three children, two 
boysanda girl. His wife wasa village activist. The famine 
set in. His wife journeyed to Myrhorod or Poltava to buy food. 
While she was away, Vasyl, maddened with hunger, hanged his 
two boys. 

My niece notified me that Vasyl's boy, Mykola, had died. I 
went to his dwelling and saw the older boy hanging from a rope 
in the kitchen, When I saw Vasyl, I asked him: “Vasyl, what 
are you doing?" He nonchalantly replied: "I hanged the boy.” 
“Where is the other one?" I asked. "In the granary; I hanged 
him yesterday." "Why did you do this?" I asked. "There was 
nothing to eat. When my wife brings some food, she gives it to 
the children and I get nothing. Now when she brings the food, 
they, will not be here and I will get everything. But don't 
mention this to anybody. Anybody. Do you hear?" 

The neighbours and I ‘then dug a hole in the orchard and 
buried the remains of the children. We did not tell his wife 


530 


what had happened and she remained under the impression that 
they had died of starvation. 

A couple of weeks passed and his wife went away again to 
procure some food. Vasyl and his daughter stayed at home. 
One day, Hrytsko Luchko and I were passing by Vasyl's house 
and decided to visit him to find out how he was because we had 
not seen him for some time. The door was locked. We looked 
through the windows but culd see no one. We broke the 
window-panes and entered the house. We found the corpses of 
Wasyl and his daughter lying on the hearth. The stench in- 
dicated that they had been dead for some days. 

Vasyl's wife was now the sole survivor of this once happy 
famine. She stripped the metal roof off her dwelling and 
bartered it for some bread. After consuming it heartily, she 
died. Thus ended the family of the collective farmer, Vasyl 


Luchko. 
(From a pamphlet by D. Solovey “Parths to Golgota” [in Ukrainian), 


H. F. 
FAMINE IN THE VILLAGE OF FEDIYIWKA. 


The village of Fediyiwka, in the Reshetyliw district of the 
Poltava region; was composed of 100 dwellings, with a po- 
pulation of 550 at the beginning of 1932. 

The crops in 1932 were good. The management of the 
collective farm issued 200 grams of grain on account of work- 
days, which was sufficient during harvest time. Later on no 
grain was issued because everything went into grain collections. 
"The individual {астегз were also stripped of all grain. 

The famine began. People, including the collective farmers, 
began to die before Advent (November 27th). The first family 
to die was the Rafalyks — father, mother and a child. Later on 
the Fediy family of five also perished of starvation. Then 
followed the families of Prokhar Lytvyn (4 persons), Fedir 
Hontowy (3 persons), Samson Fediy (3 persons). The second 
child of the latter family was beaten to death on somebody's 
onion patch. Mykola and Larion Fediy died, followed by 
Andrew Fediy and his wife; Stefan Fediy; Anton Fediy, his wife 
and four children (his two other little girls survived); Borys 
Fediy, his wife and three children; Olanviy Fediy and his wife; 
Taras Fediy and his wife; Theodore Fesenko; Constantine Fe- 
senko; Melania Fediy; Lawrenty Fediy; Peter Fediy; Eulysis 


53} 


Fediy and his brother Fred; Isidore Fediy; his wife and two 
children; Ivan Hontowy, his wife and two children; Vasyl 
Perch, his wife and child; Makar Fediy; Prokip Fesenko; Ab- 
raham Fediy; Ivan Skaska, his wife and eight children. 

Some of these people were buried in a cemetery plot; others 
were left lying wherever they died. For instance, Elizabeth 
Lukashenko died on the meadow; her remains were eaten by 
ravens. Others were simply dumped into any handy excavation. 
The remains of Lavrenty Fediy lay on the hearth of his dwelling 
until devoured by rats. 

I was frequently “mobilized” to dig graves at the cemetery 
and I saw two or three corpses being dumped into the same 
grave. 

The members of the collective farm received small 
rations of buckwheat chaff for food. Individual farmers received 
a ration of wheat-chaft. 


P. RESHETYLIVSKY 
"TO HELL WITH YOU. YOU CAN ALL DIE." 


The most devastating effects of the famine occurred in the 
months of March, April, May and June of 1933. These four 
months spared no-one; people died in dwellings, yards, alleys 
and city streets. 

The hamlet of Hariachy in the Reshetyliw district of the 
Poltava region was composed of twenty dwellings. 27 people 
in this hamlet died of starvation. Five families survived but 
they left their houses and departed to places unknown. The 
vacant structures were demolished by the village soviet for use 
as fuel. 

Vasyl Lisowy and his infant children were found dead in 
one bed. Some weeks previously he had scoured the collective 
farm fields for frozen beets. However, this was insufficient to 
save him and his children from death by starvation. 

One day in May I travelled for two kilometres through the 
hamlets of Reshetyliw district, on the way to Doctor Podolsky. 
I counted eleven corpses of all ages and sexes lying by the 
wayside. I also saw the remains of Kolisnyk's children. Ko- 
lisnyk was at one time a well-to-do farmer, but he and his wife 
had died of starvation a week before. 


532 


A few days earlier the Kolisniks girl had gone to the chair- 
iman of the village soviet, Mykola Zinenko, to beg for food 
because her parents had died, but the chairman told the child: 
“To hell with you, you can all die.” 


TETYANA BUDKO 


HOW THE DVIRKO FAMILY WAS DESTROYED 
BY FAMINE. 


In the village of Lisniaky, in the Yahotyn district of the 
Poltava region, there lived a family named Dvirko, the parents 
and four children, two grown up and two adolescents. 

This family was de-kurkulized and evicted from 
their house which was demolished. 

During the famine of 1932-33, this whole family, with the 
exception of the mother, died of starvation. 

One day the chairman of the collective farm, Samokysh, 
came to this old woman and “mobilized” her for work on the 
collective farm fields. The frail old woman took her hoe and, 
gathering the last reserves of her failing energy, went to the 
collective farm centre, but did not quite get there. Her energy 
failed, and she dropped dead at the very door of the collective 
farm centre. 

I was attending school then and saw the macabre scenes of 
the famine. This old woman who died with a hoe in her hands 
was symbolic of contemporary Ukraine. I will never forget the 
scene... 


STARVING MAN ATE MEAT AND DIED. 


In the village of Lozovnia, in the Yahotyn district of the 
Poltava region, there lived a childless couple, Vasyl and Alek- 
sandra Mostovy. The couple were well-respected, diligent 
workers. When grain collections swept the village clean of 
food, Vasy! and Aleksandra starved. They were very swollen, 
but somehow they survived until late in the spring when they 
could eat green vegetation, and especially green rye from the 
patch in their garden. 

But misfortune befell Vasyl. His neighbor, Mostovy, died 
of starvation. Mostovy's widow asked Vasyl to dig a grave. 
The widow had slaughtered a cow in order to feed her starving 


533 


children. She prepared a generous meal for the starving Vasyl. 
He died on the spot as a result of his meal. 

His wife then left for Melitopol in order to save her líte. 
Their property was immediately transferred to the collective 
farm. 

In Yahotyn there lived the family of Platon and Maria 
Vyshnevetsky. They had three children. Platon had once 
worked in the Manilov flour mill. His wife and I were bosom 
friends. 

In 1932 Platon died of starvation. His wife, being in 
desperate straits, went to the soap factory dump to search for 
any kind of dead animal refuse t8 bring home and boil for food 
in an endeavout to save herself and her children from death. 
But no matter how much one boiled the refuse, it still remained 
poisonous. The result was that all the children died. 

Maria, once a good looking, prim lady, was left alone, 
swollen with hunger. Wrapped in a sackcloth, she was now an 
eerie sight. Her dwelling was absolutely bare because she had 
bartered all her household effects for food. Finally she too 
passed away... 


NATALKA LIUTAREVICH 


FORMER MERCHANT DEAD IN THE MARKET. 


It was the spring of 1933. The market-place in Chornoukh, 
in the Poltava region, was alive with the vendors of remnants 
of food and other articles, each vendor clutching tightly to his 
wares for fear that some hungry creature might grab them. 

Sitting on a rock at the market place was an old resfdent of 
Chornoukh, Andriy Bannikov, formerly a prosperous merchant, 
who was compelled to become a farmer and eventually a member 
of the collective farm. He was then starving lire everybody 
else. He brought to the market the remnants of his personal 
family possessions, and his wife's clothing, hoping to barter them 
for food. His skin was cracked, with pus flowing from the 
cracks. He was barefoot, and his feet were covered with blood. 
He was unable to barter his wares because the starving buyers 
were not interested in finery. 

There he sat until evening, without making a single deal. 
Then he simply slumped down off the rock and died. Next 
day the burial brigade picked up his remains and dumped them 
into an excavation prepared for the dead. 


5M 


PAVLO ZOLOTAREVICH 


STARVING MAN COMMITS SUICIDE. 


Roman Pidlisny, his wife Priska, his son Tykhon and 
daughter Agatha, lived at the Hrushkivsky corner of Chornoukh. 
Their property consisted of a dwelling, a shed and about 10 
acres of land. They had no live stock; the neighbours tilled 
their land on a share-crop basis, and they worked as hired hands 
for various peasants. 

In 1930 they were pressed into joining the collective farm, 
but they categorically refused to be coerced. Their son, Ty- 
khon, journeyed to Lubni where he obtained employment. 
Their daughter obtained a job as maid. 

During the famine of 1932-33, Priska died and Roman was 
evicted from his dwelling by the local authorities under the 
pretext that he was inciting people against collective farming 
and spreading religious propaganda. 

Roman Pidlisny then took to working for the dews of the 
town; he cut their firewood and carried their water, but this in 
no way provided a sufficient livlihood- The food at the market 
was very high, and his earnings were a fraction of a cent for a 
pail of water which he had to bring a distance of two kilometres. 
He had to sleep outside. He must have felt his days were 
numbered, because one day he decided to go to the St. Nicholas 
cemetery where his father was buried, and die there. Swollen 
and emaciated, he proceeded with much difficulty, frequently 
falling down, but he kept on. 

A collective farm activist (his erstwhile neighbour, 
Maria Chornobay) met him while he was thus trying to reach 
his father's grave. She offered to assist him to his feet but he 
protested by saying: “Depart from me, you devil’s creature. 
collective farm, you servant of Satan. Let me die in peace.” 
The insulted woman departed, and Roman kept inching closer 
to his destination. Finally he reached his father's grave. There 
he remained for a couple of days until he died... 





PAVLO ZOLOTAREVICH 


RED PARTISAN HANGS HIMSELF. 


Stepan Hryhorovich Prokydko of Chornoukh was once a 
Red partisan. He belonged to the categary of people who were 
helping to establish a soviet system in Ukraine and he had 


$35 


struggled on its behalf. After demobolization from the Red 
Army, he served in the militia for a long time, was a member 
of the Committee of Indigent Peasants, and generally a soviet 
activist. 

In 1930 he joined the collective farm, where both he and his 
wife were very active. They had five children. The famine of 
1933 however, brought untold hardships. After exhausting all 
his food resources, including the cats and dogs, they were 
compelled to steal vegetables from neighbouring gardens. One 
day his neighbour, Pavlo Tur, caught Pokydko's six-year-old 
daughter in his garden and clubbed her to death. 

Appreciating the hopelessness of his situation, and sensing 
the imminence of death from starvation, Stepan gathered his 
four swollen children and went to the chairman of the District 
Executive Committee, Polonsky, to ask for relief. Polonsky 
could not promise him anything tangible. Insulted and 
unnerved by such an attitude towards himself, the former Red 
partisan, Pokydko left his children with Polonsky, telling Шт 
that he would rather see him eat them alive than watch them 
suffer a slow tortuous death from starvation. He admonished 
the children, under pain of death, not to come back home. Po- 
lonsky had the children placed in a "children's home" where 
two of them later died of starvation. 

A few days later Stepan Pokydko was found handing from 
an elm tree directly facing Polonsky's office window. Pokydko's 
widow caught a number of frogs, and after cooking them, devo- 
oured them all. This resulted in her death. 

Of seven members of Pokydko's family, only two children 
survived... 


NATALKA ZOLOTAREVICH 


MAD PARENTS STARVE THEIR CHILDREN. 


The family of Ornelko Fedorchenko were my neighbours 
in Chornouch. They had two children, Mykola — 6-years-old 
and Olha — 2-years-old. Mykola was my godson. 

In the spring of 1933 I saw the desperate plight of the 
children and decided to give thern four glasses of goat's milk 
every day. I gave this milk to Omelko's wife, Mina, but I soon 
found out that the children were not gatting it. I asked Mina 
what was the matter. She replied that her husband forbade her 
to feed the children saying: "All the other children have died, 


536 


why should we feed our own? "Let is save our own lives." 

T told her that they would not get any more milk unless the 
children drank it in ту presence. She agreed. 

Omelko was angry and in order to avenge this he reported 
to the District Executive Committee that I was supposed to 
have a cache of grain secreted in the ground of my garden. The 
"boester brigade" came and literally turned my garden upside 
down but found no grain. 

Omelko Fedorchenko died of starvation. just before he 
died he cursed the chairman of the District Executive Committee, 
Polonsky, for swindling him by reneging on his promise to give 
him a pood of flour for every grain cache that Ornelko revealed... 

Omelko's children survived... 


HNAT SOKOLOVSKY 
I WAS А HUNTED MAN 


After escaping from an exile convoy in 1931 I kept wande- 
ring from place to place for almost three years. I used false 
documents in order to avoid persecution. Finally, I established 
myself in one of the mines of the Don basis as powder-man's 
helper, but I could not stop worrying about the fate of my family. 

One day, I met Semen Myrhorodsky who hailed from my 
village but was then a guard at the railway station of Filnonia. 
Semen had connections with our home village because his wife 
still lived there and used to come to see him. She told me about 
my family. 

It was the famine year of 1933. I decided to undertake a 
secret journey to my village in order to see what I could do to 
save my family from mortal starvation. I had already seen 
hundreds of starving peasants arriving at the mining settlemet 
to look for work and food. They died in droves, and the special 
burial brigade gathered the corpses and carted them away for 
disposal. 

I secured as much food as I could carry with me, mainly 
sugar and dried bread, and went away. I arrived at the village 
at night and did not recognize it. The roads that once were 
alive with people, were covered with weeds. I found the place 
where my family lived. It looked more like a pig-sty than a 
dwelling. In it I found my mother and my two sisters, all half- 
dead and terribly swollen. They did not recognize me. Finally 





537, 


mother somehow recognized my voice. She told me of their 
horrible plight. 

I had to get away the same night and so I could not listen 
to everything they had to tell me. I began feeding them very 
carefully by giving them some tea with sugar, a small piece of 
bread and a small herring. Mother showed me a concoction of 
weeds which they cooked for food and which smelt like some 
acid. My sisters assured me that they were not afraid of hunger 
now because they had been lucky enough to clip some grain- 
heads at the collective farm. They were aware of the fact that 
the penalty for clipping grain-heads was exile to the Siberian 
concentration camps, but hunger knows no bounds. 

I learned about the tragic fate of my brother who had died 
of starvation some time before. His remains, along with the 
remains of five others, were dumped into an old root-cellar and 
covered up. Mother pleaded with me to stay a little longer, so 
I decided to remain another day. Early in the morning I hid 
myself in a root-cellar in order not to be seen around in the 
daytime. Iasked to have my wife brought to my hiding place. 
She came. I could not recognize her; she looked more like a 
corpse than а human being. She told me that our four year old 
son had died of starvation, and of other things that had happened 
while I was away. 





“A dying child 


538 


Victor and Serhiy Harmash, Petro Sanzhara who were once 
Red partisans and later soviet activists, also died of 
starvation. Former model farmers like Maksym, Timothy, Ivan, 
Lavro, and Mykola Sadovy, Pavlenko, Bazhan and others, had 
all perished with their families. 

My wife also told me that all the dead were brought to the 
cemetery and piled up there because there was no one to dig the 
graves. There were cases of cannibalism. When the sister of 
one of the dead peasants went to the cemetery to see if her 
brother had been buried she noticed that someone had sliced 
some of the flesh from his body. 

The following night I left my native village. My wife and 
my sister escorted me for five kilometres until we reached the 
Samara river. We noticed a wagon approaching from the 
opposite direction. Itook cover. The wagon was driven by the 
chairman of the village soviet, Sapryk. He stopped to ask the 
women where they were going. They told him some story and 
he went away. I bade them goodbye and made my escape. 

After some time my wife joined me at the mining camp. 
My sister died of starvation. 

I remained at this camp until 1935, when I was betrayed by 
someone from my village. I was then arrested again. 


NATALKA LYUTAREVICH 


SON SERVES IN RED ARMY WHILE PARENTS 
PERISH OF STARVATION. 


Arkady Kolota lived in the village of Chornoukhy with his 
family his wife Maria, their three sons — Mykhaylo, Mykola, 
and Ivan, and their two daughters — Lida and Zina. Arkady 
was a poor man who supported his family by working as a 
carpenter. His sole possession was his humble cottage. He 
was coerced into joining the collective farm. 

In the spring of 1933 his youngest son, Ivan was in the Red 
Army, and his two daughters were working somewhere for 
board and lodging. The rest of the family was starving. The 
first to die was Arkady. His son Mykola followed him, then 
Michael, and finally his wife, Maria. 

The remains of Maria were in the cottape for several days, 
decomposed and covered with maggots. The body was dis- 
covered by the two young daughters who had come to see their 
mother. 


539 


In the fall of 1933, young Ivan returned to the village and 
found most of his family dead. He came home in his uniform. 
After couple of weeks he was ordered surrended his uniform. 
He did so, but had nothing with which to cover his naked body. 
He finally managed to obtain a few rags. 

Later, during the second world war, he was in uniform 
again, but one can imagine how loyally he served old father 
Stalin. у 


О. OSADCHENKO 
"PERISH — THAT IS YOUR WAY OUT." 


I come from the village of Barashi, of the same district in 
the Zhytomyr region. Since my uncle was a district official 
during the czarist regime, we were not permitted to join the 
collective farm and had to live “аз God wills." Enormous taxes 
were levied upon us which we were quite unable to meet. 

In the fall of 1932 I was unable to pay M taxes, therefore 
the village activists, augumented by officials of the district 
authorities, seized all my belongings, even stripping ту wife of 
the clothes she wore. 

In the spring of 1933, my daughters, Vira and Maria, died 
of starvation, followed by my father and my wife entire family. 
The death rate in our own village was enormous. 

One day in spring I went to the fields to look for some food. 
I was very swollen. Аз I proceeded slowly, I noticed the ravens 
flying around and alighting at a certain spot. I came closer and 
saw a woman lying down. She was still alive and begged me 
to help her to get up. But neither she nor I possessed sufficient 
strength. The woman slumped down again and I went away. 

I met the chairman of the village soviet, Suprunenko, and 
the secretary, Puman, on the way and told them about the dying 
woman; whereupon Suprunenko retorted: "You too will soon 
perish. Perish, you kurkuls, that is the way out for you if 
you do not want to make a living by decent work." 





1. STOYAN 
VILLAGE OF HOROSHKY DYING OUT. 


The village of. Horoshky, in the Polonsky district of the 
Vynnytsya region was quite large, made up of areas that bore 
specific manes. The village had three Churches — Marian, 


540 


Bortny, and Spas. I will tell about the area in which I lived and 
knew well; it was the Lower Staromisto. 

The area of Lower Staromisto was composed of 36 houses 
only some of which belonged to farmers. The remainder 
belonged to tradesmen or local officials. Some of these house- 
holders had a patch of land adjoining their gardens; some even 
had a cow. 

All those who were not employed by the collective farm had 
to pay taxes based on a percentage of their earnings. 

The famine years of 1932-1933 brought untold hardships 
upon the residents of this area. The drastic effects of the famine 
were already felt in the fall of 1932, but by spring the situation 
had assumed catastrophic proportions; everyone was swollen 
and dying of starvation. The starving people ate everything 
whether it was nutritious or not. 

In the area of Lower Staromisto many people died. I 
cannot remember all the names, but I do remember Mykola 
Halat, Vasyl Hapotiuk, Anton Kit, Ivan Marchuk, Josephina 
Salatska, Anton Boronsky, Isidore Horbach, Yakiw and Stephen 
Halatiuk, Natalia Honcharenko. Their children also died. 

The bodies of the dead lay around inside and outside the 
houses for several days because there was no one to bury them. 
Those who were still alive were not admitted to the local hospital 
because it was filled with people suffering from other diseases... 


L. M. 


DEATH OF MOTHER — NOT SUFFICIENT REASON 
FOR DAY OFF AT COLLECTIVE FARM. 


In the village of Huray, in the Kopayhorod district, there 
lived a widow who had a son. Both were employed by the col- 
lective farm. In the spring of 1933, the widow became ill and 
stayed at home. The collective farm supplied only one meal a 
day. 

One day the son returned from work and found his mother 
dead. He wanted to take the following day off in order to bury 
the remains of his mother, but he was told that if he missed a 
day, he would be severely penalized. The death of a mother 
was not sufficient reason to take a day off from work at the 
collective farm, 

He begged the village soviet to arrange for the burial of 
his mother's remains but when he got home that night the 


541 


remains were still there and the cottage was filed with the 
stench of the decaying corpse. 

Next morning he placed the remains in a bedsheet and put 
it outside, near the gate. He cried as he went to work again. 
When he returned that night he found the bedsheet but the 
remains had been removed. 

The insabitants of the village were dying in great numbers, 
so much so that the management of the collective farm was 
compelled to assign two men to dig graves, and two teamsters 
with a wagon to cart away the corpses. 

The teamsters rode through the village and shouted: "How 
аге you today? Are all well or have you any dead?" When по 
one in the cottage answered, they would stop to investigate. 
When they saw a corpse they would pick it up and throw it on 
the wagon. А load of corpses would then be taken to the 
cemetery and dumped into one large grave, just as they were. 

About a month before the harvest another wagon had to 
be added for the job of carting corpses. No one was interested 
as to where and how the remains were buried... 


PETRO KULISH 
NO TRAVEL PERMIT — REMAIN HERE TO DIE. 


Tymofiy Mykolenko was a peasant who lived in the village 
of Zhabotyn in the district of Kirovohrad. Не had been a 
member of the collective farm since 1931. When the spring of 
1933 arrived he was starving and very swollen. There was no 
food at home nor in the collective farm. But he did not want 
to die. 

He made his way to the village soviet to beg for a permit 
to travel to some mining camp, either in the Donbas or Kryvy 
Rih in order to find a job. The village soviet refused to give him 
the required travel permit, but told him to go and work at the 
collective farm. Tymofiy had no more energy to return to his 
cottage, although it was only half a kilometre away. He went 
behind the building of the village soviet, into a thick growth of 
weeds in order to rest a while. The next day the bural brigade 
picked up Tymofiy's remains and carted them away to the 
cemetery. 

This happened on May 15, 1933. Tymofiy was my 
neighbour. 


542 


V. MALY 
MORTAL FAMINE IN THE VILLAGE OF KORULKY. 


In the village of Druha Korulka in the Kharkiw region, 
the grain-collection campaign stripped the peasants of every bit 
of grain. Gleaning in the fields was forbidden under pain of exile 
to Siberia. Those who were still healthy could go away to the 
Donbas to the coal mines, where they could work and buy some 
food for themselves, part of which they could send back to the 
village. Those who were not healtly, the very old, and the 
young children, were left to face certain death. 

During the fall and winter of 1932-33 the peasants exhausted 
the last resources of food including domestic fowl, livestock, 
cats and dogs. 36 persons died during the winter months. 

When spring arrived there was absolutely no food in the 
village. The peasants took to utilising all kinds of green 
vegetation. They boiled or dried it, crushed it into powder and 
baked it. Dysentery followed a diet such as this, but it was 
still bearable, 

The most terrible effects were caused by willow bark. The 
peasants stripped the bark of the willow trees, dried it out and 
crushed it into flour from which they baked “buns.” These 
buns were completely indigestible and had no nutritional value. 
Many people died after consuming them. Dried corn cobs were 
also worthles nutritionally. 82 more people died as a result of 
this “food.” 

No more than 40 of the 64 houses were left inhabited. 118 
persons died of starvation. To this must be added the number 
of those who had previously been liquidated as kurkuls and 
exiled to Siberia at least one third of the village. 1934 found 
the village with only one third of its former inhabitants left. 
The village was later populated by Russians brought especially 
from Muscovy. 


S. KOROBEYNYK 


STARVING PEOPLE SLAUGHTER THE STARVING. 


In the spring of 1933 the starving Denis Ishchuk of the 
village of Bilka in the Trostianets district of the Kharkiw region 
went to visit his sister, who was married and had a two-year old 
child. He entered the house, killed the entire family and took 
away 20 pounds of flour. 


543 


Later on this same day Denis Ischuk murdered Petro 
Korobeynyk who was returning from Kharkiw with five loaves 
of bread for his starving family. Denis Ishchuk was finally 
arrested by the militia and confessed. 

The village of Bilka had approximately 600 inhabitants 
before collectivization. 200 of this number died of starvation. 
For instance, Stepan Korobeynyk had a wife and five children. 
While I was visiting the village I went to the house of Stepan 
Korobeynyk. Everyone there was swollen and miserable- 
looking. The oldest girl, Halya, 16 years of age, was crying 
and begging her parents: “Give me something to eat, I am very 
hungry, I want something to eat.” The younger boy, Mischa, 
would join her: “I want to eat more than you do.” The father, 
with tears, streaming down his cheecks, answered them: “I 
cannot help you my dear children, I have not a thing." Then 
turning to me he said: “Please help my children and save them 
from death.” 

It was too late to help however, because the village was 120 
kilometres away from Kharkiw. The entire family was dead 
within a week. Stepan's brother, Omelko, had a wife and two 
boys, Hrytsko and Ivan. They all died of starvation. The 
family of Omelko Susidka, consisting of five persons, also 
perished of starvation. 

Many people died because they were not permitted to leave 
the villages in order to find some food elsewhere. Railway 
travel was forbidden, except by appointment. 





NORTHERN CAUCASUS, KUBAN AND DON REGION 
DYING OF STARVATION. 


The Kuban, which is populated mainly by Ukrainians, was 
subjected to an artificial famine during 1932-33, as was the Don 
Region, one of the foremost grain-producing areas of the former 
Russian Empire, but an area known for stubborn resistance to 
the soviet system. 

From accounts of living witnesses, there are instances that 
show how, after the well known insurrection of 1932-33 in 
Kuban, most of the population of that area was exiled to distant 
concentration camps, leaving the area to the poor peasants who 
were dying of starvation. The expansive steppes, cossack 
stations and vacant cottages were covered with a bountiful crop 
of weeds. The surviving people lived like wild beasts, in woods, 


544 


in vacant cottages, fearful of each other and occasionally 
devouring each other. 

There are also accounts of the decay of the Don region. 
People from the wheathelds of Salsk left their work and their 
villages to seek salvation elsewhere; they travelled by train and 
on foot. One could see endless crowds of swollen, emaciated 
children who had lost their parents and were now wandering 
around aimlessly. 

The streets of Millerovo were strewn with the corpses of 
those who had died of starvation. This happened while Moscow 
was cynically broadcasting its battle hymn. “I do not know any 
other country where men can breathe freely...” 

The wheatfields of Ukraine, the Don region and Kuban 
which once grew enough wheat and other grain to feed the whole 
of Europe, were now laid waste. The once prosperous farmers 
who had tilled these steppes and reaped an abundant harvest 
of golden wheat, now became the world’s most indigent beggars. 


P. PETRENKO 
THEY RUINED AND STARVED KUBAN 


The secretary of the state Committee of the Communist 
Party of the Soviet Union, Shelboldayev, and the chairman of 
the state executive committee, Pyvovarov, together with the 
representative of the Central Committee of the Communist Party 
of the Soviet Union, Lazar Kaganovich, who visited the territory 
in 1932, have utterly ruined all the Kuban. The economy of the 
Kuban Cossacks was plundéred and ruined; most of the people, 
young and old, were exiled to Siberia. Only the old and the 
ailing remanned. There was no опе to till land anō nothing to 
till it with. In 1933 all the cossack fields and stations were 
covered with weeds and those inhabitants left to forage for 
themselves were starving. 

Krasnodar, the capital city of the Kuban region, was strewn 
with corpses which no-one bothered to pick up. My good 
friend, Ivan Redkiwski, who was formerly liquidated as a 
kurkul, his wife and four children, died of starvation. 

The once prosperous farmer of the station — Hlynska — 
Serhiy Bukalov and his family of six, died of starvation. His 
older son, Havrylo, was arrested and exiled into some con- 
centration camp. 

At Uman Station I saw hungry, swollen people who, like 


545 


wolves, wandered around looking for something to eat. Many 
people starved to death at this once prosperous station. The 
family of Ivankiwsky, а Cossack who had been arrested and 
exile some time before, consisted of the mother and three 
children. Two of them died. The half-crazed mother ate the 
third and later died herself. 

Countless incidents can becited of the desperate plight of 
the Kuban Cossacks, the once proud and prosperous descendants. 
of the famous Zaporozhian Cossacks of the Ukraine. 


$. К. 


THE END OF THE PRYOKOPNA STATION IN KUBAN 


The station of Pryokopna is situatiated 15 kilometres from 
Armavir, near the river Kuban. It was a large village, nearly 
town, consisting of about 10,000 inhabitants. The central 
section had many two-storey structures, a tuberculosis 
sanatorium and a large school. However, by 1933 it was an 
absolutely deserted village, with few inhabitants, because the 
entire village was exiled to the northern concentration camps as 
a result of their participation in the Kuban insurrection during 
that year. 

In June of 1933 the authorities started to organize a 
Machine-Tractor Station in the very centre of the village. 
Strange people were brought to the area to administer the 
station. I, too, was appointed to go there as a bookkeeper for 
the enterprise. I arrived there alone, hoping to bring my family 
later. The assistant manager of the Machine-Tractor Station 
advised me to pick any one of the vacant houses for my 
residence. One day I went around to pick a cottage and 
this is what I saw: 

All the streets and alleys were overgrown with weeds. The 
houses were all boarded up. Inside all kinds of furniture and 
effects, such as dishes and other utensils were to be seen. 
There was no food or clothing. Beside the houses were fruit 
trees bearing almost ripe fruit. In some of the cottages there 
was broken furniture and the pots contained half-cooked fruit. 
Evidently some one must have lived there. 

While crossing a little orchard on the way to another 
street, I noticed a decayed corpse which smelled terribly. Going 
a little further I encountered a living person — a ragged, wasted 
woman. The creature and I were both startled. After a while 


546 


she asked me: "Why do you wander around here? You can be 
grabbed, slaughtered, and eaten. You are a fresh human being." 

“What are you doing here?" I asked her. “I merely exist 
until I am eaten." 

Apparently at the time of the mass evacuation of the 
settlement, some of the exiles escaped and took cover in the 
forest, living in vacant cottages, devouring each other like 
beasts, with only the fittest and most cunning surviving. 

I went back to the office of the Machine-Tractor Station and 
during the next few days I made efforts to obtain a leave of 
absence in order to bring my family to this God-forsaken place. 
As soon as I obtained my leave, I departed hastily with no 
intention of coming back. 


FAMINE IN THE SALSK STEPPES. 


The Salsk Steppes, situated in the southern part of the Don 
region, are renowned for their fertile wheat fields. The harvest 
of 1932 was excellent. 

However, in 1932 the state took away all the grain from the 
collective farms. The Polyviansk Machine-Tractor Station 
where I was employed as a bookkeeper, serviced 18 collective 
farms. The collective farms had hogs, sheep, some milch cows 
and very few horses. ` 

During the harvest of 1932 the state took away all the 
grain from the collective farms. People were put on limited 
rations of screenings. The employes of the Machine-Tractor 
Station received as rations 400 grams of bread a day and 200 
grams a day dependents, 1% kilograms of cereal and a quart 
of oil a month. There was no meat whatsoever. The community 
kitchen of the collective farm provided it's members with soup 
rnade of some kind of cereal, boiled beets radishes and potatoes. 
People extracted sorne raw syrup from the sugar cane grown in 
their gardens. One could occasionally buy a piece of bread in 
the fall. 

By the spring of 1933 all food products were exhausted and 
famine came to the famous wheat-producing steppes. Bread 
could not be obtained at any price. People swelle with hunger 
and died. Hardly anybody thought of working at the collective 
farm, because the predominant worry was to save one's life. 
People left their villages, stations and hamlets and journeyed to 


547 


the Salsk regional centre seeking some relief. Others took trains 
to various destinations in the hope of finding something to eat. 
There were droves of swollen, emaciated children who had lost 
their parents, but no one paid any attention to them. 

By summer most of the villages of the Polyviansk Machine- 
ctor Station had lost half their inhabitants as a result of the 
lamine. 


P. M. 
“WIDE IS MY DOMAIN.” 


Millerovo station in the Northern Caucausus was always 
rich in grain, meat, fowl, and dairy products, and produced an 
abundance of other food at reasonable prices. But the famine of 
1932-1933 also touched this station. 

In the winter and spring of 1933 one could not walk along 
the streets without stepping over dozens of corpses or dying 
people. The dead were being picked up daily by special carts 
detailed for the purpose and taken to a specially-prepared 
excavation in the yard of the local jail. 

The jail itself was filled to overflowing with hungry, dying 
people. This jail became very much alive after the visit to 
Millerovo of Lazar Kaganovich, together with the chairman of 
the State Executive Committee, Larin, the Party secretary, 
Shaboldayev, and the District Party secretary, Alfer. Kaga- 
novich apparently instructed the state leaders on how to combat 
“counter-revolution” and other Forms of unrest in the Northern 
Caucasus. 

When there was no more room in the jail a vacant 
barrack was requisitioned for the purpose. There were 
thousands of people in these two institutions but hardly any 
came out alive. Corpses were taken away from there every day 
and dumped into an excavation. The hole was covered up when 
it contained 200 corpses. 

The police, Party and government officials had a special 
food store where they had plenty of food but the inhabitants 
could not get any. 

From the public square of this settlement the loudspeaker 
blared a radio program from Moscow “Wide is my domain... 
I do not know of any other where men could breathe so freely.” 
This was the lowest form of cynicism ever conceived... 


548 


YAVDOKYM BONDAR 
LEFT CHILDREN AT SHELTER AND LOST THEM 


In the village of Nova Volodymyriwka in the Sakhnov- 
shchansk district of the Kharkiw region, there lived a peasant, 
Luka Khalyava, with his family, during the collectivization in 
1930. He and his oldest son were exiled to Siberia. His wife, 
Maria, was left with four small children, the oldest of whom was 
ten. 

When famine came Maria realized that she would not be 
able to save her children and so she placed two of them in a 
public shelter. 

Years passed. Luka returned {тот exile. He tried hard 
to find his children who had been left in the shelter, but no avail. 


IVAN PANASYUK 


FAT COMMANDERS AND HUNGRY CHILDREN. 


The village of Yarevsky in the Poltava region is noted for 
it's charming countryside. In June of 1933 a regiment of the 
Red Army was quartered in the vicinity, where it was going 
through routine tactical maneuvers. The Army camp, composed 
of hundreds of white tents, was out of bounds to the starving 
local population, even to the small children who might have 
found a small scrap of food or been given some by the Ukrainians 
there. The Ukrainians would gladly have sharad the last 
ounce of bread with them because it would have been as if they 
were helping their own starving people. 

"The commanders of the regiment and especially their wives, 
droves of them, had access to the village. They arranged a 
kitchen inside the local church where they prepared and ate 
their meals. 

It happened that a cinema company, by which I was 
employed, was shooting some scenes in that locale. Our 
director, Frankel, obtained number of meal tickets for this 
particular army brass kitchen by some mysterious means. I was 
one of the lucky ones in the company to get a meal ticket for 
two whole days. 

I was able to obtain a first class meal for a nominal sum. 
I should have felt happy but this was not so, because after eating 
a hearty meal I came out and saw about twenty starving, 
emaciated children with swollen limbs, eagerly and vainly 


549 


waiting for some scrap of food. Their eyes were listless, their 
limbs had no dexterity. They symbolized the fate of Ukrainian 
children at that period. They stretched their swollen hands 
whenever a wife of some officer was passing by, but the women 
paid no attention to the urchins. 

Since the holders of the meal tickets were entitled to 
purchase a limited amount of pastry from the kitchen, Т utilized 
the opportunity to pass these on to the starving urchins. They 
took them without any visible sign of expression; they just took 
the pastry and quietly consumed it, by a reflex motion without 
any feeling. 

The corpses of two boys and girls lay in the weeds a few 
steps away. They could not have been more than seven years 
old. The dead had no desire for soviet pastry. Their tiny 
faces were covered with large green flies. I can still see the 
picture in my mind's eye of the dead Ukrainian children, their 
faces covered with green flies, although twenty years have gone 
by since. 





M. OSADCHY 


"STALIN" CHILD SHELTER DYING OF STARVATION. 
With the approach of the summer vacation in 1933 the 


children of the mining camp “Chuvyrin” in the Don Раз were 
accorded the privilege of going out to the summer camp. The 
camp was established in the village of Ulyaniwka, in the 
Hryshyn district, on the estate of some once-prosperous 
peasant, liquidated as a kurkul... 

I represented the district branch of the Commissariat of 
Peoples Education at the cemetery held to open the camp. At 
twelve o'clock non, Fesenko, the camp director, invited us to 
a buffet luncheon at tables placed under the luscious cherry 
trees, They were covered with all kinds of good food and non- 
alcoholic beverages. The luncheon was interspersed with 
oratorical efforts by all concerned eulogizing “the great father 
Stalin” for his extraordinary love for children and his deep 
concern about their welfare... The ceremonies terminated at 
two o'clock; the children took their rest period and the district 
dignitaries departed. I was to return also, but the Party 
Secretary of the mine-shaft, comrade P. was delayed for some 
reason. I sat under an apple tree to wait for him. 

Comrade P. appeared after some time and offered a sugges- 


550 


tion something like this: "You have already seen one camp but 
now I would like to show you another one. There is a 
“Children’s Shelter" here, in Ulyniwka.” 

I had heard about this shelter and often wondered why 
it was not conducted under the auspices of the Commissariat 
of Education. This particular peace was situated about 400 
metres from the village. It was a barn built of stone. My 
friend pushed the door open with his food and Bade me enter 
while he remained outside. 

I saw a horrible sight. The floor of the “shelter” was 
covered with straw, and on it lay the skeletons of about 200 
children ranging in age from three to twelve years. The interior 
of the shelter was in semi-darkness, with light coming in through 
a few small windows close to the ceiling. The skeletons, dressed 
only in dirty shirts, lay in rows on the dirty straw. When I 
entered the skeletons moved and raised their heads. Stretching 
out their feeble hands they wailed, “Give us some bread, uncle." 
Apparently they were unable to get up. Then another chorous 
of "B- R- R-E- A- A- D" resounded from the skeletons. It 
sounded a: were coming from the grave rather than from 
living human beings. I was stunned for a moment, but in the 
next second I bolted out of the door, the erie sound of “bread” 
ringing sharply on my ears. 

“Did you see it?" asked my friend. "Yes!" I replied. 

“This is the famous ‘Stalin Child Shelter’,” Said comrade Р. 
the secretary of the Chuvyrin Party organization. 

“Where is the staff? Who is looking after these children?” 

“Don’t you know? The Party and the government are 
looking after them. The staff... All that the “staff” does is 
cart out the corpses each morning.” replied comrade P. 

This incident illustrates the condition of artificial famine 
created purposely to decimate the Ukrainian peasantry, ir- 
respective of age. 





N. POLTAVKA 
THE AUTHORITIES CARE FOR CHILDREN: 
BURY THEM IN THE GROUND. 


The center of the City of Poltava is the so-called "October 
Square," with the City Hall at one side of it and the "Karl 
Marx Club" at the other. 

In the spring of 1933, this Club was turned into a child 


551 


shelter. It was popularly known as the "childreri's patronate.” 
The premises were surrounded by a tall fence. 

Next to the "patronate" was the city communal house in 
which I was employed. One could observe, from the second 
storey of the communal house, everything that was going on in 
the patronate. It was full of half-dead, swollen children. They 
were being looked after either by the NKVD or by the Depart- 
ment of Education. Scores of children died each day; the 
corpses were carted away at night. 

The workers in the communal house quietly commented 
that while the authorities loudly proclaimed that "children are 
the flower of the nation" the flower of the Ukrainian nation was 
being buried in the ground in much the same manner as the 
parent who bore the flower. 


YURKO STEPOVY 


THE TRAGEDY OF KUBAN 


In the fall of 1929 the Communists changed their general 
course and at the same time dark clouds began to gather on the 
horizon in the Kuban. А sinster announcement appeared ina 
regional newspaper, Krasnoe Znamya, proclaming: “Com- 
plete collectivzation and liquidation fo kurkuls.” 

The so-called workers’ brigdades were organized in the 
towns, under the leadership of the “5-thousanders” from Mos- 
cow, who were sent in hordes to the villages to put the abornin- 
able slogan into effect. 

The Kuban Kozaks soon started a mass opposition movement 
against the impending collectivization. They slaughtered their 
cattle and let the horses roam. At every turn they put up a fear- 
less resistence. Not a village remained in Kuban where one 
or two government representatives were not slain for being too 
aggressive in appropriating the Kozaks’ property and posses- 
ions which, though meagre, had taken generations to accumu- 
late; ragged and hungry they were driven into collective farms. 
At that time Makayev, a member of the Bureau of the Kuban 
Regional Communist Party and editor of Krasnoe Znamya, 
was assassinated in one of the villages of the Slavyansk district- 

However, no matter how strongly Kozaks resisted the 





552 


government, the vast forces of the army, the GPU and the mili- 
tia broke down this resistence and the collective farms were 
built upon a foundation of the dead bodies of tens of thousands 
of Kozaks, shot in the GPU dungeons. 

Finally, the tension between the people and the govern- 
ment reached a new high in the spring of 1930. Revolts and up- 
risings, sometimes referred to as "women's rebellions," flared 
up in many villages. The defenceless population fought with 
pots and pans,pitch-forks, spades and anything they could lay 
their hands on against the GPU who were armed to the teeth 
and in some villages against a regular army. These eruptions 
always had bloody endings, for the Communists retaliated in 
their usual savage manner. 

For example the artillery corps, No. 220, fully armed with 
machine guns, rifles and heavy armor was summoned to the 
Slavyansk and Poltava villeges to quell the so-called “women’s 
rebellion.” 

When the uprisings finally subsided and the KPU dungeons 
were jammed to capacity with the vanquished Kozaks, when 
every night hundreds or even thousands of them were shot on 
the Dubynets cliffs and their bodies hurled into the murky 
waters of the Kuban River, Dzuhashvili-Stalin, greatest ter- 
rorist who ever lived, published his famous article, “Dizzy With 
Success.” In this article he called for the prosecution of all local 
government officials allegedly for forcing collectivization, mak- 
ing it seem as if the widelycirculated slogan. "complete collecti- 
vization and liquidation of the kurkuls," was a local inven- 
tion instead of the deliberate plan of the Central Committee of 
the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. 

In the village of Tykhoretska, in the fall of 1932, a group 
of passengers were changing from the Moscow-Sochi train to 
the Stalingrad-Krasnodar train. The men were dressed in black 
leather jackets from beneath which showed wooden holsters 
containing mauza pistols. They were all silent, with somber, 
serious faces, for they were embarking on a grave mission for 
Moscow. They were going to counteract the collapse of the 
grain-collecting plan т Kuban or. plainly speaking, to an- 
nihilate Kuban. 

Immediately upon arrival in Krasnodar they went to the 
address, 22 Komsomol, where the Kuban District Committee 
was located. Inside this gloomy, gray building bustling activity 
prevailed. It was brightly lit night and day, typewriters. clicked 











` 553 


incessantly, the harassed staff rushed back and forth, from one 
room to another, while in the main hall a stormy session of the 
Kuban District Committee and the newly-arrived “25-thousand- 
ers" was in progress. The fate of Kuban was being decided. A. 
special Central Committee representative, Lazar Kaganovich, 
appointed by Salin himself and invested with full authority 
to "bring order" to Kuban, was in charge of the session. 

Before the crack of dawn on the following day the news- 
boys shouted the horrible headlines: "The Petlurist kurkul 
saboteurs of Kuban must be finished off," and Petlurist-Kozak 
counterrevolutionary work in Kuban must be uprooted.’” 

In a few days the "workers" brigades, headed by the “25- 
thousanders,” got busy in all villages “bringing order,” as 
Stalin explained to Kaganovich. And soon the whole of Kuban 
was drenched in blood and tears as the Muscovite gangs merci- 
lessly swept away the last kernels of grain from the Kozaks" 
granaries, arrested the survivors of previous arrests and packed 
the Krasnodar GPU dungeons, while the Kuban grain flowed 
into Moscow. 

In the late fall of 1932 Kuban was finally completely an- 
nihilated. The once-prosperous villages were now ravaged and 
desolate. All Ukrainian national life in Kuban was liquidated. 
Ukrainian schools were compelled to teach Russian only. The 





Famine victims in the street, 


554 


pedagogical technicum in the village Poltavska Stanycia was 
closed and teachers and older students re-arrested. The whole 
population of the village, about 25,000, was shopped across the 
Urals and the village was resettled with Russians and re-named 
Krasnoarmeyskaya. The same was done with the village of 
Uman which was renamed Leningradskaya, and with many 
other villages, such as Slavyansk, Pavliwka, etc. 

The whole operation of the annihilation of Kuban was 
directed by Lazar Kaganovich, who is stillliving today, a key 
figure in the Soviet government while, thanks to him, Kuban 
is no more. Kaganovich's assistant in this undertaking was the 
erstwhile GPU chief, Kabayev, who ruthlessly helped to per- 
petuate the greatest crime in the history of Kuban and the 
whole civilized world. 


NATALKA ZOLOTAREVICH 


WE ARE GOING TO BURY A GIRL ALIVE. 


The family of Vasyl Ocheredko consisted of nine persons, 
the parents and their seven children. Having been forced to 
join the collective farm, he surrendered all his possessions to 
it, including his mare. In the spring of 1933, when he and his 
family were on the verge of dying of starvation, he stole and 
slaughtered the colt that his mare bore in order to provide 
something to eat. 

The NKVD immediately arrested him and spirited him 
away. The family was left in desperate plight. One day his wife 
took some old clothes and went to the neighbouring village, 
hoping to barter them for some food, but she never returned. 
Four of the children died of starvation. Two of the older boys 
left the village. The youngest girl, Varka, was taken to the 
Chornoukh "children's patronate” (shelter). 

The patronate was managed by a Jewess named Vera 
Keilin who was collecting the children of the dead Ukrainian 
peasants not to save them from death but merely to take them. 
out of sight to a place where they would die, unknown and un- 
seen. 

Varka Ocheredko was in the last stages of starvation when 
she was taken to the “patronate.” She was all swollen; the skin 
сп her legs was cracked and filled with pus. Apparently, the 
physical condition of the girl was regarded as helpless because 
she was loaded on a waggon together with other corpses to 


555 


be taken to the burial-place despite her please that she was still 
alive. 

Since the grave was not yet excavated the corpses, includ- 
ing the still living girl, Varka, were piled up to be buried as 
soon as the hole was ready. Luckily for Varka no-one was 
guarding the corpses and she crawled out of the pile and on to 
the road where she was picked up by Olga Volkova, the wife 
of the local Jewish doctor. Volkova took care of the child and 
consequently saved her life. Later on Varka was living with 
me and told me all about it. 


VASYL MYRUTENKO 


"YOUNG COMMUNISTS." 


The children whose parents died in the famine were left 
homeless. Perhaps the most fortunate were those who were 
taken to the collective farm "patronates" (shelters). 

Our collective farm, “For Bolshevik Tempos," of the 
Chopovych district in the Zhytomir region, also established 
such a "patronate." In 1933 there were four children in it; two 
boys and two girls. 





Starving children bereft of fa 





556 


I knew all of these children because they were all of my 
age (I was ten years old then). We were friends and school- 
rnates. They led the miserable life of paupers without parents, 
but they remembered and very often spoke of their parents. 
Many a time we all went to the places where their cottages had 
once stood and asked the neighbors to show them the places 
where their parents were buried. 

Both of those boys later joined the Young Communist 
League. One of them was even a secretary of the Young Com- 
munist cell in our collective farm. 

We can only surmise what was in the hearts of these 
“Young Communists” and how faithful they were to the cause 
of the “proletarian revolution" after having undergone such 
an experience. It is safe to assume that half of the Ukrainian 
Young Communists organization was made up of youths with 
a similar background. 


MYKOLA KOZKA 


I BECAME HOMELESS AFTER MY PARENTS DIED 
OF STARVATION 


I, Mykola Kozka, came from a peasant family. My parents, 
three sistérs and two brothers all died of starvation during the 
famine in Ukraine in 1932-33. 

Having lost my family, I became homeless and wandered 
all over the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics like a stray dog. 
I traveled all over Ukraine, Russia, Caucasus, and everywhere 
Isaw my fellow countrymen hungry, swollen and dead. 

In Kharkiw, which was then the capital city of Ukraine, I 
sow many horrible sights, a few of which I wish to relate. 

On Kinna Square а woman lay on the ground. She was 
still alive but terribly swollen, her skin cracked and filled with 
pus and worms. Some of the passersby would attemp to place 
a few crumbs of bread into her mouth, but she was unable to 
eat. She cried continuously. Medical attention would perhaps 
have saved her life but no one ventured to give her such aid. 
I do not know what happened to her; she probably died much 
the same way as millions of other Ukrainians died during the 
Moscow-sponsored, artificial famine in Ukraine. 

The streets of Kharkiw were filled with such swollen, 
dying and dead peasants. 

I was detained by some militiaman who took me to the 8th 


557 


precinct of the militia (city police). There I was placed in a cell 
in which I spent the night. This cell was filled with tired, hun- 
gry people. The inmates were supposed to get some “food” in 
the morning but none came. I succeeded in escaping from this 
jail. 

Ileft Kharkiw in the general direction of Moscow. I travel- 
ed through Bilhorod, Bily Kolodyaz, Wowchansk and other 
cities and towns of Ukraine. In all of them I sow sights similar 
to that in Kharkiw. 

After much wandering I returned to Kharkiw. This time 
I was successful in getting a job looking after livestock in a 
military establishment on Iskynska street. A Jew by the name 
of Snider helped me to get that job after I told him of my life 
as a stray wanderer. This fellow saved my life. 


B. A. 


THE WAREHOUSES OF THE "GRAIN-COLLECTION 
TRUST" FILLED WITH GRAIN. 


In the villages of the Drabiv district in the Poltava region 
terrible things happened. Corpses were strewn everywhere, in 
cottages, on roads, by the fences. Crowds of swollen, emaciat- 
ed people moved slowly towards the railway station of Kono- 
niwka in the hopes of boarding the train to destinations outside 
Ukraine, but it was almost impossible to buy a ticket. Most of 
the emaciated people died before they reached the railway sta- 
tion. Countless corpses were strewn all around the station, 
some of them half naked. 

At that time I was personally present at the warehouses 
in Kononiwka belonging to the “Crain-Collection Trust." The 
warehouses were almost bursting with the immense amount 
of grain with which they were stuffed. Not an ounce of grain 
was given out of these state warehouses despite the fact that 
40 per cent of the population of this particular district died of 
starvation. 

As a rule, the death rate from starvation is always higher 
among adults than children. Adults died leaving their starving 
children, some of whom were taken to the so-called "patronat- 
es" (shelters). Some of the best and most industrious peasants 
in the village of Kononiwka perished during the famine. Such 
peasants as Sezon Shanko, the brothers Ivan and Fedor 


558 


Hrytsay, and Hryhory Chornohor died a terrible death. 

One of the most heartless activists of the village, Con. 
stantine Boyko, who mercilessly stripped the peasants of food 
during the grain-collection campaigns, but who was later 
dismissed from his position as the chairman of the local food 
cooperative for stealing, ate his wife and later died, swollen 
beyond recognition. 


M.T. 


PEOPLE DYING NEAR THE GRAIN ELEVATORS. 


Salsk station is an important railway junction in the reg- 
ion. There are railroad branches to Rostov, Stalingrad, Tykho- 
retzk and Kuban. It is surrounded by expansive fertile steppes 
with soil ideal for growing wheat and other grain. In 1932 
these steppes yielded an abundant harvest. 

However, in the spring of 1933 this station was filled with 
swollen, hungry people who had left their families at home and 
were trying to travel somewhere in order to procure some food. 
They planned to go to the mines of the Don Basin or to Mus- 
covy, but they could not buy railroad tickets. They hung around 
the station for weeks, many of them falling dead. 

The remains of those who died were collected and piled 
up in a small garden behind the railroad station, where they 
were picked up every day by a special transport and carted 
away for burial . At the time I visited the station, saw three 
corpses in this particular garden, a man, a woman and a child. 

The warehouses near the station were filled with grain. 
Whatever grain could not be squeezed into the warehouses was 
simply dumped on the ground and covered with canvas. А lot 
of grain thus piled up was rotting. The warehouses were en- 
closed by a board fence and were guarded by armed NKVD 
men. 

None of this grain was allowed to be given to those starv- 
ing people who had produced it. It was loaded under guard 
into box-cars for shipment to ports of the Black and Azov Seas 
for export abroad. 


S. P. KHARKOVENKO 


IN THE PORT AND THE MARKETS OF KHERSON 


In 1933, while I was a civil servant in Kharkiw, I was de- 
tailed for service to the city of Kherson. There, in my spare 


559 


time, I would go to the market place near one of the churches. 

There sat women who sold grain in small tumblers, halí- 
rotten beets carrots, etc. Shadows of emaciated, hungry and 
ragged peasants kept wandering amongst the vendors, stretch- 
ing their hands and pleading: “Please do not let me die." Then 
came the despairing voice of a woman: "God, why have you 
punished us so?" The woman, clad in rags, then fell dead. . . 

At that very moment the grain transports were anchored 
at the port, loaded with the golden Ukrainian wheat for export 
abroad. One of the vessels was of Greek registry; it was paint- 
ed black as if symbolizing the black death that it was bringing 
to the Ukrainian peasants, to my brethren who produced the 
wheat... 


HOW WORKERS AND CIVIL SERVANTS BORE 
THE FAMINE. 


The workers and civil servants of the urban centers, work- 

ers' settlements and industrial districts, аз well as the Red 

Army, were supplied with food products through ration cards. 

The majority of them, with the exception of the privileged cate- 

gory (Communists, NKVD, top professionals), who received 

their food from special supply centers, were underfed and con- 
— 5 = 


1:5 






A corpse on Kharkiw Street. 


560 


sequently starved. Sometimes their children would steal some 
grain and thus alleviate their plight. 

There were categories of people even in the rural districts, 
in the midst of the starving and dying population, who starved 
very little or not at all, In such rural districts there existed two 
categories of supply facilities. In the industrial areas there 
were two categories of factory kitchens. In some of the mili- 
tary branches there were even three categories of kitchens 
(airfields). 

A document that follows shows an index of the wages earn- 
ed by the civil servants of one rural Machine-Tractor-Station 
and an index of market prices of food products. According to 
this they could survive, living a life of semi-starvation. Another 
instance shows a family (NKVD) with an abundance of food 
products while other families died of starvation. This was the 
state of affairs throughout the entire Ukraine. 


PAVLO LYUTAREVICH 
WAGES AND PRICES OF FOOD DURING THE FAMINE. 
Market prices of food in the Chornoukh district of the 


Poltava region: 
1. Loaf of Buckwheat or barley bread, 


1% to 2 Klgm. 40 roubles 

2. Ten potatoes 8 to 15 roubles 
3. Glass of sour milk 3 to 4 roubles 
4. Bottle of beet sauce 3 to 4 roubles 
6. A tumbler of sunflower seeds 3 to 4 roubles 
7. Fried fish, about half a kilogram 15 to 20 roubles 
8. One carrot 1 to 2 roubles 
9. One to one and a half kilograms of meat 

(of doubtful origin) 6 to 10 roubles 


Monthly wages earned by personnel of the Machine-Tractor- 
Station: 


1, Director 400 to 500 roubles 
2. Senior Agronomist 500 roubles 
3. Senior Mechanic 450 roubles 
4. Chief bookkeeper 400 roubles 
5. Ordinary bookkeeper 150 roubles 
7. Chambermaid 80 roubles 


561 


MARIA FESENKO 


FAMINE AMONGST THE WORKERS OF POLTAVA 
IN 1932 


We lived in the village of Shportiwka, one kilometre away 
from Poltava. The village was a suburb of Poltava containing 
about 100 cottages inhabited by families of the workers. We 
had no land, only a house and a small garden. In the past we 
had a cow, sometimes a pig and some chickens. There were 
Six of us in the family. I was eight years of age and the oldest 
of four children. 

During the collectivization in 1931, the cow and the gar- 
den were taken away from us. My father worked as a construc- 
tion laborer in Poltava and supported the family with his earn- 
ings. 

In the spring of 1932 our family was starving like all the 
other families. We received some food on our ration card which 
allowed 200 grams for father only. The rest of the family re- 
ceived some mixture of corn shorts for a while but not for long. 
We began to swell with hunger. 

Father, realizing that under such conditions we would all 
be dead before long, therefore decided to migrate to some oth- 
er place where we could get more food. He advertised our home 
ior sale; it was a beautiful home but there were not many who 
were eager to buy a house. 

At last some Russian came along and paid my father 600 
roubles for it. With this money we travelled to Voronizh where 
we lived for two years. After that we moved to the Caucasus. 


MARIA FESENKO 


CHILDREN HELP PARENTS TO SURVIVE 
THE FAMINE. 


In 1932-33, when the famine was at its heights, our family 
moved from Poltava to Voronizh. My father obtained employ- 
ment at the freight shed of the local railway station. I was the 
oldest of four children. Many people came to Voronizh from 
Ukraine in order to escape the famine. The ration cards issued 
at Voronizh allowed very little food and consequently we were 
again starving. Father could not bring anything from the rail- 


562 


way freight shed, except a little bit of grain once in a while 
which he managed to slip into his boots. 

The other children and I used to go to the railway yards 
to pick up scattered grain and occasionally some salt. It was 
almost impossible to buy any salt at the stores. The freight 
handlers purposely spilled grain and salt so that we could pick 
it up. The stores of grain and other products at the station were 
heavily guarded by the NKVD. There were huge piles of grain 
covered by canvas. 

One day the other children and I discovered a hole in the 
enclosure around the grain piles and crept inside to take away 
some peas. However, the NKVD guard closed the hole and we 
had to spend the whole night at the pea pile. Next morning a 
new guard came who was not as tough as the last one, and he 
let us out. However I did not want to go home without bring- 
ing some grain with rne, and so I stayed until the evening when 
I succeeded in creeping into a section piled with sacks of wheat. 
On the top of these sacks were small sample bags. containing 
about ten pounds of wheat each. I wanted to take away some 
sample bags but the guard was too sharp. I waited until morn- 
ing, when he dozed off, to take the wheat and rush home. 

I had almost reached home when I unexpectedly stumbled 
into a hole full of melted snow, almost up to my neck. Luckily 
for me my mother had just gone out to fetch a pail of water 
from the nearby well. She rescued me. Mother was already 
worried about my two-day absence and was crying, thinking that 
I was lost. 

With my little bags in which I brought home the grain 
from the station almost everyday, I helped to save my family 
from starving to death. 

There were many children scavenging grain at this sta- 
tion. Sometimes we would go to the market to sella few 
tumblerfuls of grain or salt in order to obtain money to buy 
some other things to eat. There were children who lived around 
the station day and night. I remember once the children gather- 
ed and started asking éach other who they were. One could 
hear them identifying themselves as: "I am a Ukrainian," "I 
am a Russian," “I am a Jew." It thus turned out that there was 
a sprinkling of other nationalities amongst the refugees from 
Ukraine. 


563 


PAVLO LYUTAREVICH 


HOW DIFFERENT CATEGORIES OF PEOPLE 
SURVIVED THE FAMINE 


From observation of the Chornoukh district in the Poltava 
region, not all the people were hungry or died of starvation, 
namely: 

1. Not at all affected by the famine were Communists and 
their families, the personnel of the NKVD and militia, 
workers in the Political Sections of the Machine-Tractor- 
Stations, Soviet and Party officials in the districts and vil- 
lages. 

2. Partially affected by the famine were non-Party civil ser- 
vants, engaged in commercial work, some rnembers 
of the "booster brigades" (village activists, robbers), a 
very small percentage of the collective farmers and other 
categories of people who by, hook or crook, succeeded in 
evading the raids of various robber brigades engaged in 
grain-collection for the state. 

3. Totally affected were peasants, members of the collective 
farms, village tradesmen, families of “liquidated kurkuls” 
(former self supporting peasants), and peasants who did 
not join the collective farms... 


1. D. (Engineer) 


OPEN AND CLOSED COMMERCIAL OUTLETS FOR 
RURAL DISTRICTS 


In 1932-33, two types of commercial outlets for the dis- 
tribution of food products and commercial goods existed in 
the cities, towns and larger villages of Ukraine; one was a 
closed type of outlet, catering to the needs of the limited num- 
ber of consumers, such as Party and district leaders, village 
soviet officials, collective farm officials, NKVD_ personnel, 
Machine-Tractor-Station workers and special appointees. Ad- 
mission to such outlets was granted only by special passes and 
ration books. These outlets supplied the consumers with food 
products and other goods according to the standards of normal 
times. Their supplies were maintained by central distributing 
establishments, 

The other was an open outlet in the form of district con- 
sumer co-operatives, catering to the needs of local workers and 


564 


while-collar workers. These outlets supplied such staples as 
bread, sugar, cereals, fats (vegetable oils), confectionery, etc. 
Goods were sold only by ration cards, in semi-starvation pro- 
portions. They depended on local resources for their supplies 
(coming from the mills and vegetable oil refineries). 


D. DMYTRENKO (Engineer) 


TWO CATEGORIES OF EATING ESTABLISHMENTS. 


From November of 1932 until June of 1933, I was employ- 
ed as an engineer on a project for the construction of a chemi- 
val-coke combine т Makeyewka in the Don Basin. I had at 
ту disposal five technicians and twenty four workers. 

We had two types of eating establishments; one for the 
engineering and technical personnel, the so-called "ETP," and 
the other for the workers. Some of the workers were attached 
tu one, and some to the the other. In each case they could obtain 
their meals only by producing meal tickets. 

"ETP" the food was a little better. Everyone received one 

The workers cafeteria supplied three meals a day. The 
food was very low in quality and lacked the minimum calory 
requirements. Lack of decent meals reflected itself in their in- 
ability to perform a good day's work. In the cafeteria of the 
"ETP" the food wa sa little better. Everyone received one 
kilogram of white rye bread per day. 

The coke-chemical combine was most irregular in paying 
wages. Sometimes they held back the pay for two or three 
months. Consequeritly, the workers were unable to work nor- 
mally. 

I took a daring step in securing an extra ration book for 
each man on my gang, which was a "crime" in the eyes of so- 
viet law. But then each $Е my men was able to buy a double 
meal and receive a double ration of bread in the workers’ cafe- 
teria. 

The men in my gang were able to sell the extra bread and 
thus earn enough money to pay for double meals. 

Only then could I expect them to work more or less nor- 
mally. 


565 


POLIKARP KYBKALO 


TESTIMONY ON THE FAMINE. 


The spring of 1933 was the most horrible and tragic mo- 
ment in the history of the Ukrainian people. In the fall of 1932 
and the early winter of 1933 the Russian Communist govern- 
ment had taken away the entire grain crops and all food pro- 
duce from the Ukrainian farmers in order to bring them into 
submission and obedient servitude in the collective farms. 

In the collective farm of my native district, which numbers 
ed 672 people, 164 died that fatal spring of 1933. Actually this 
collective farm suffered little compared with all the surround- 
ing places for to induce the farmers to remain there they were 
given 300 grams of bread per person baked from all kinds of 
chaff and some liquid concoction cooked from refuse. But there 
were villages and hamlets where not a single person remained 
alive—for instance, in the large village of Chernychyna, in the 
Neforoshchanske district, which stretched for two and a half 
miles, though I do not recall its population, and the hamlet 
Rybky, of the Sukho-Mayachka village administration, where 
the population of 60 died. 

Here is one of the many incidents of the famine. In my 
native village there was a stallion kept for breeding mares. He 
was well fed, receiving 13 poünds of oats daily, but for some 
unknown reason he suddenly died. This happened at the end 
of May, 1933. The district administration forbade the stallion 
to be buried until a special commission arrived and held an in- 
quest. 

The dead stallion lay in the open for three days and began 
to decay. А guard was appointed to shield it from the starving 
people who would have eaten the meat. On the fourth day the 
commission arrived and having completed the investigation 
ordered the stallion to be buried. 

No socner was that done and the commission gone then 
like an avalanche, the people descended on the dead, decaying 
stallion and in an instant nothing was left of him. Violent argu- 
ments ensued because some had grabbed more than their share. 

A spectacle I shall never forget was when a 16-year old 
boy, who, besides his stepmother, was the only survivor in the 
family, swollen from starvation, crawled up to the place where 
the dead stallion had been and finding a hoof snatched it in 
both hands and gnawed furiously. The boy was never seen 


566 


again and nunofficial rumors circulated that he had been eaten 
by his stepmother. 

It was forbidden for people to leave their villages. GPU 
guards blocked all roads and railways. Any food that the farmers 
happened to be carrying was taken away from them. For 
picking a stray head of wheat or a frozen potato or beet left 
in the field a person was sentenced to ten years in prison or 
concentration camp, according to the ruling passed by the 
government August 7, 1932. 

Thousands of corpses littered the streets, byways and 
buildings. Deaths occurred at such a rate that the government 
could not keep up with burying the corpses. 

During all this time there was not the slightest sign of 
any famine in the neighboring Russian territory. The Soviet 
press never mentioned the famine in Ukraine but on the con- 
trary even printed misleading propaganda about “flowering 
Ukraine” and her great achievements in industry and collecti- 
vization. 

To cover up its bloody crime the Soviet government warn- 
ed all doctors not to state the true cause of death on death 
certificates. Instead, they stated that a prevalent digestive ail- 
ment was the cause. 

Millions of innocent, defenceless Ukrainians died in the 
monstrous famine, the like of which was never heard of in the 
whole history of the world. We believe that the free, civilized 
world will not let this satanic crime pass unheeded. The crimi- 
nal Communist regime must be morally condemned and mem- 
bers of the Communist government prosecuted for their inhu- 
man deed. 

Yet in spite of the criminal methods used by the Kremlin 
to break the Ukrainian people, they continue to stand firm in 
their resolution to break away from Muscovite tyranny and 
regain their fredom. 


YAVDOKYM BODNAR 


FAMINE AROUND THE CRIMEAN AIRFIELD 


I passed my medical in December of 1932 and was detailed 
to the fatigue company of the Airforce, stationed at the mili- 
tary airfield of Kacha in the Crimea. The airfield was surrourid- 
ed by a barged-wire fence and carefully guarded against tres- 
passing by civilians. 


567 


The trainees for pilots were all Communists, mainly from 
Moscow and Leningrad. About two percent of them were Cau- 
casians, Mongols, and Chinese. There were no Ukrainians. The 
chief of the school was Ivanoff, an old officer, with the rank 
of lieutenant-general. The chief of staff was another lieutenant- 
general, Yevsukov. Romanov was the political commissar. 

There were three types of kitchens: one for the officers; 
one for trainees and one for us of the fatigue-riflemen company. 
The first category received what was known as "Voroshilov 
rations" which meant an unlimited amount of the best kind of 
food. Our company, which spent half of its time on various 
fatigue duties and the other half at work on the vegetable 
gardens near the airfield, received 600 grams of bread a day 
for each man, some kind of soup known as “Balanda” and two 
tablespoons of cooked cereal without fats. 

The Commissar of Defence, Voroshilov, issued an order 
to have the bread sliced in very thin slices and not to scatter 
it. One of the men in the fatigue company, a Moldavian by the 
name of Korotnian, joked about this order. He was immediate- 
ly taken away and never came back. 

Outside the airfield, the civil population was starving. The 
people frequently slipped through the barbed wire fences to 
scavenge in the garbage dumps. There were civilians who work- 
ed in the mechanical shops of the airfield. After leaving work 
for the day, they would go around the kitchens to root in the 
garbage pails and strain the cans of dishwater for all possible 
scraps of food. 


V. SKORENKO 


SOME HAD TOO MUCH FOOD. OTHERS DIED OF 
STARVATION. 


In the spring of 1933, I was employed as a technician in the 
communal branch of the Poltava City Administration. We were 
conducting an inventory of all the buildings, which made it 
necessary to make detailed measurements of every square foot. 
I had the task of detailing all the buildings on October Street 
(formerly Kurakin Street) and the avenue beside it where 
there was a building which housed the NKVD and its person- 
nel. Some of the buildings on this avenue were out of bounds 
for us technicians, consequently we were not allowed to enter 
them; the others, which we were allowed to enter, were all lux- 


568 


uriously appointed, with expensive rugs and fine furniture. The 
food pantries were filled with all kinds of good things to eat, 
that made our mouths water because we worked on semi-starva- 
tion rations. 

At another building further down the street I encounered 
a dead man lying in bed. I was scared and ran out of the place. 
After two weeks I ventured again into the same building. This 
time I saw the naked body of a dead old woman. I fled again. 

After a few weeks I went once more to the building. This 
time I met a living woman. Questioning her about the mystery 
of the dead people, she replied that of her family of six only 
she, and her small daughter, remained alive. All the rest had 
died of starvation. 


N. LYUBOTYNSKY 


THE WORKERS IN UBAN CENTERS ALSO STARVED 


In order to survive during the famine of 1933 I took a job 
at the railway depot of Liubotyn, in the Kharkiw region. I saw 
the following incidents taking place: 

A conductor of the freight train crew, Vasyl Etakalo, came 
to work one morning and after a while fainted. A doctor who 
arrived to treat him tried to give him some medicine, but Vasyl 
refused to take it. A number of depot workers gathered around 
him, then came the depot adminstration, including the NKVD 
man, Laznevoy. 

The doctor started complaining to the chief of the depot 
that Vasyl had refused to take medicines. Vasyl, listening to 
all this, interjected: "I don't need medicine. Give me some 
bread and I will be well." Those who stood around him under- 
stood well enough what that meant. They merely glanced at 
each other and slowly dispersed. 

Laznevoy, the NK V D man, then fiercely admonished 
Vasyl with these words: "Where will I get the bread for you? 
I receive no more of it on my ration card than you do. Get up 
and go to work and don't engage in any propaganda, or you 
will regret it. . .Look at you. Ket up and go to work.” 

Vasyl got up slowly and went to work... 


569 


CHAPTER V 


FORAGING FOR FOOD LOCALLY IN THE VILLAGES 


It was a different situation for the starving villagers, aban- 
doned by the government in their villages to die by famine. The 
people struggled to keep alive in any way they could, using 
every means possible to them. They began a foraging locally 
for all kinds of food-stuffs. There were several sources of such 
food-stuffs, namely: 

1. Thefts of milling grain from state stock-piles at the 
time of the grain collection campaign in the autumn of 1932; 
later, thefts from the collective farms’ stores of livestock feed; 
as well as from the spring seeding- grain supplies and the crops 
in the fields in 1933. In some places all this went on with the 
open or tacit consent of the representatives of the local autho- 
rities. We referred to this source previously in the list of docu- 
ments. 

2. Searching out such sources of food as were never utiliz- 
ed in normal times, but which none the less kept people from 
starving to death. These were the inedible beasts and birds, 
both domesticated and wild, such as dogs, cats, rats, gophers, 
jackdaws, sparrows and water snails, as well as the meat of 
horses purposely maimed or caused to die. 

3. Searching out such sources of food as were not suited 
to the human digestion or poisonous to it. Such food only pro- 
longed the agony of starvation and its users died anyway in the 
end. This consisted of chaff from buckwheat or millet, the bark 
and leaves of trees, toadstools, all sorts of green grasses which 
caused dysentery, as well as carrion which poisoned the hu- 
man organism and inevitable caused death. 

4. Local market-places, of which the criminal and amoral 
elements took unscrupuous advantage, but which at the same 
time saved individuals of the more resourceful kind and even 
whole families from dying of hunger. 

5. State department stores, "Torgsins," with whose help 
the government cheated the famished population out of what 
remained of their valuable articles of gold. 











$71 


WHERE, WHERE TO GET SOME FOOD 


The attention of the hungry people completely and con- 
tinuously revolved about the question—where, where to get 
some food. Nothing else interested them.In some places, the 
sympathies of the local government leaders went out to them 
and on their own initiative they strove to help them in all sorts 
of ways. Thus in the district of Chornoukhy in the Poltava 
region there were different representatives of the govern- 
ment who gave such help. In the district of Sakhnowschanske, 
too, at the hog state farm, they withdrew certain amounts of 
the fooder for fattening the pigs to give to the starving peo- 
ple. Here and there in the schools breakfasts of sorts were 
ogranized for the pupils and teachers. Some physicians infring- 
ed the government's decree and admitted starving people in- 
to their clinics where they were nourished back to health. 

Cows, where they remained to anyone at that time, were 
a great help to the owners and their neighbors. Everybody 
tried especially to acquire a goat so as to keep himself on its 
milk, Even whiskey, which then sold in the villages in unlimit- 
ed quantities, to some extent saved the people from dying of 
hunger. 

The famished people began to eat the food which pre- 
viously they had disregarded. They fished water snails out of 
the rivers, shot sparrows, rooks and such. 

One of the ways of getting food was stealing from state 
supplies. People stole corn oil-cake out of freight cars. Es- 
pecially large thefts of grain took place at the time of the spring 
seeding campaign, for which the people were severely punished. 

Attempts were made in different places to rob govern- 
ment stores which held a variety of grain. Thus at the Reshety- 
liwka station corn was stolen from such a stock. At the Mali 
Hyrla station in the province of Mykolayiwske, the starving 
braved machine gun fire which guarded the "Zahotzerno" 
point. They robbed such a supply at the Hoholevo station in 
the Poltava region. 


PAVLO ZOLOTAREVICH 
HOW THEY SAVED THE PEOPLE FROM STARVING 


In the autumn of 1932 the local authorities of the Chor- 
noukhy district knew that famine was inevitable. There was 
talk on the quiet about it at the party meetings; it was being 


572 


whispered by the Communists amongst themselves, while their 
wives, by telling their friends on the quiet, were noising the 
secret about. 

It must be admitted that there were some Communist 
individuals who were conscious of the seriousness of that spring 
of 1933 and took measures locally to save the people from 
starvation, Here are given only two such examples: 

1, Kondrat Ocheredko, director of the Chornoukhy district 
land department, gave orders to the collective farms to sort 
over all the seed potatoes and give that part that had lost its 
quality to the kolhosp workers for food. Some of the kolhosp 
heads gave all the potatoes for food. Because of these orders 
Ocheredko was removed from his post. 

2. Artemenko, director of the Chornoukhy Machine- 
Tractor Station, and Marchenko, chief of the political depart- 
ment of the MTS, in the spring of 1933 strove to institute com- 
munal meals for the collective farm workers during the spring 
labor in the fields. They asked the provincial organizations for 
rations of grain from the “Zahotzerno” system for this pur- 
pose. For this, they were rebuked by the Kharkiw District 
Committee for anti-state tendencies while Artemenko was ex- 
pelled from the party. 

Others, the majority of the district and local Communists 
in fact, saw and knew the reason for the famine but were afraid 
for their party cards and parrotted the words imposed on 
them by the authorities at the top, that the famine was as it 
were the result of unconscientuous work and sabotage on the 
part of the unenlightened kolhosp workers, besides which, they 
made much of the fact that in the autumn of 1932 a great deal 
of bread was stolen in the kolhosps. 


PAVLO BOZHKO 


NO FAMINE FOR SOVIET HOGS 


Once, in the Sakhnowshansk district of the Poltava region 
there were rich farms inhabited by well-to-do Ukrainian farm- 
ers. When collectivization started these farms were all 
dekurkulized and obliterated; on their sites several hog “rad- 
hosps" (Soviet State Farms) were set up. I worked in one of 
these, called the "Paris Commune," during 1932-33. 

At that time famine was raging everywhere. The Soviet 
State Farm workers lived wretchedly. They did not receive 





573 


any wages for their work although, to be sure, their need for 
bread was greater than their need for money, since the starva- 
tion rations they received were indeed miserable. Still, none 
of us workers died nor were we unduly famished at the time. 

No famine was intended for the hogs of the Soviet State 
Farm; these received regularly, according to plan, a variety 
of concentrated feed such as rye, corn, millet and barley of a 
fairly good quality. Bread was baked for us from the hog feed, 
each worker receiving 800 grams daily and each non-worker 
receiving 400 grams per day. 

There was an extra ration of soup and meat from the 
kitchen besides, that was not bad at all. Every day it was neces- 
sary to slaughter one or another of the several thousand hogs 
because it had been injured or had some noncontagious dis- 
ease. All this was uséd by our kitchen. 

Paying no heed to the strict control of the Political de- 
partment, we all stole pocketfuls of hog feed to bolster up the 
surrounding population, but it was not enough. In the villages 
all around us, such as Mazharka, Tarasiwa, Kopanky, Kotiwka 
a most fearful famine was raging; there was no one to dig 
graves and bury the dead. 

The starving from all the villages around dragged them- 
selves to these Soviet State Farms and begged for work, but 
the farms could not take them all. Whoever was taken on, 
however, was saved by the hog feed from death by starvation. 


VASYL MIRUTENKO 
HOT BREAKFAST AT SCHOOL 


From the winter of 1932-33 on, they began to serve the 
pupils at our school so-called "hot breakfasts." This took place 
on our collective farm, called "For Bolshevik tempo," in the 
Chopoviche district of the Zhytornir region. 

What sort of breakfasts were they? They consisted of a 
dish called "zatirka," which was prepared like this: A little 
flour was thoroughly stirred into some water, salted and boil- 
ed. As soon as this "zatirka" was taken off the stove, 200 to 
300 grams of it was ladled into each pupil's dish. 

When spring came, a little sorrel was added to this “za- 
tirka," and later some new potatoes, and then it became 
“borshch.”” 


574 


NATALKA ZOLOTAREVICH 
A JEWISH DOCTOR HELPS THE STARVING 


In 1933 the superintendent of the district clinical hospital 
in Chornoukhy was a Jew named Moisei Davidovich Fishman. 
He and his wife, Olga Volkova, who was likewise a physician, 
never lost the milk of human kindness during those difficult 
years, and, instead of carrying out the orders of the authorities, 
they courageously ignored them and helped the starving papu- 
lace. 

At that time the authorities had forbidden doctors and 
hospitals to admit the starving for treatment if the diagnosed 
illness were “debility from hunger." One could get into a hos- 
pital only if one had some other illness. Nevertheess, the hospi- 
tals did feed the patients and would not let thern die of hunger. 

And so Dr. Fishman admitted people distended from hung- 
er to his hospital at every possible opportunity, diagnosed 
their illiness as due to some other cause and slowly restored 
them to a normal state. For his deeds Fishman more than 
once had unpleasant interviews with the authorities, but be- 
ing the good, authoritative physician he was, he did what his 
humane conscious prompted him to do, and defended himself 
against their attacks. 

The memory of these two noble individuals, Fishman and 
Volkova, will long be cherished in the hearts of those people 
of the district of Chornoukhy whom they rescued from the 
famine. 


TETYANA BURKO 


OUR COW SAVED OUR FAMILY FROM STARVING 
TO DEATH 


We lived in a settlement called Bozhky near Lisnyaky in 
the Yahotyn district of the region of Poltava. Ours was a 
large family, nine in all, consisting of our parents and seven 
children ranging from two to fifteen years of age. We belonged 
to a collective farm. We surrendered everything we had to the 
collective farm except for a cow, which, as it turned out, 
saved us all with her milk. A demijohn of milk then cost seven- 
ty roubles, and a small loaf of bread, a hundred roubles. We 
tried all sorts of ways and means at that time to get beet-pulp 
from the sugar refinery for the cow. 


575 


Everyone in our family who was able to work went to 
work on the collective farm. Father often went to Voronezh 
in Russia to trade our household things for food. My mother 
at one time had homespun linen, embroidered ornamental 
towels and embroidered shorts, but in that year of 1933 they 
were all exchanged for food. 

I remember Easter day in 1933. Father was away from 
home, having gone to trade something for food for the holy 
day. On his way back he was arrested as a speculator because 
he had with him ten pounds of corn and four pounds of screen- 
ings which he had obtained in exchange for the very last shirts 
we had. 

Mother made soup for us from two glassfuls of dried, 
crushed potato peelings and eight not very large potatoes. This 
was Easter fare for the whole family. We all sat on our low 
plank-beds weeping and praying, when in came the brigadier 
from the collective farm and, in quite a coarse manner, said, 
"Everyone except the youngest must go to the collective farm 
and get to work." 

That was how they always made us go to work, without 
taking into consideration whether we had any food or whether 
we were hungry. Mother and my older sister were swollen from 
hunger, and I was very skinny at the time. 

They released father after two weeks, but they took away 
all the food he had bought for us. 


V. SAVUR 


GOATS SAVED PEOPLE FROM STARVING 


In the villages it was rare for anyone during the years of 
continuous collectivization to retain a cow. The Ukrainian 
farmers who were accustomed to farming on a substantial scale 
did not care for goats, which they regarded as incident creatur- 
es which it did not become a serious farmer to keep. They 
termed them "Jewish town cows." 

But a few of the wiser villagers had assessed the worth of 
a milch goat in those times, and had begun to introduce goats 
into their farming. These were not taken by collective farms 
and made socialist property. А goat was then worth 300 to 
400 roubles. 

That was why my father who lived in the village of Med- 
vin, kept goats at the time, as did some of his neighbours, which 


576 


gave them a few quarts o fmilk a day. It was always possible 
to get feed for a goat. 

It was solely the goat that saved the lives of my parents 
in those years of famine. Those of their neighbors who kept 
goats were likewise saved from starving to death. 

People always kept their goats in their houses at night 
in those days, so that they would not be stolen. 


V. SAVUR 


SAVED BY WHISKEY 


In 1932-33, there were no foodstuffs of any kind for sale 
in the village co-operative stores except for whiskey, which 
was available in unlimited quantities, for whiskey is a govern- 
ment monopoly in the USSR which brings in exceptional reve- 
nues. That is why, even in those years of famine when masses 
of people were dying of hunger, the distilleries were working at 
full capacity turning grain into liquor. 

A litre of whiskey a that time cost about six roubles at 
the store, while a two-pound loaf of bread cost ten roubles at 
the market. Some people, therefore, kept themselves from dy- 
ing of hunger by drinking whiskey. 

That is why in Medvina, in the Kiev region, the Reverend 
Platon Slutsky went from house to house advising the people 
to buy and drink whiskey. And truly, those who took his ad- 
vice survived, or at least not as many did die as might have 
otherwise. 


1. D. (geological engineer) 
FOOD OF THE TRIPILIAN ERA 


In 1933-34 I niticed while working along the Northern 
Buh and the Sinyukha rivers and their tributaries, in the dis- 
tricts of Pervomay, Olshansk, Holovaniw, Swaransk and so 
forth, that there were always large heaps of snail shells every- 
where along the river-banks and on the village garbage-heaps. 

These snails lived in the rivers and, since the Ukrainian 
people, especially the villagers, had never eaten them, nobody 
had paid any attention to them before. But in 1933, when 
famine reigned and the villagers were dying of starvation by 
the thousands, they sought food of any kind at all that could 


577 


be found in nature, and even turned their attention to these 
snails. 

As is generally known, the people fell to eating all sorts 
of vegetation, such as linden, acacia, sorrel, lamb's quarters, 
nettles and so on, but this vegetation does not contain any of 
the albumen substances so necessary to the organisms of the 
famished. Most of the people who sustained themselves sole- 
ly with such a diet ultimately died. These snails do contain the 
needed albumen. The people boiled them until they had boil- 
ed out all the albumen juices and nourished themselves on 
that. The thoroughly boiled meat, which resembled hard gristle, 
was chopped fine, mixed with green leaves, and then eaten, or 
rather, bolted. It was mainly in this way that the people were 
able to avoid the swelling which accompanies the famished 
state and to survive the famine. But only those who lived near 
the rivers and could gather the snails in their waters survived. 

То соте to the point, the Ukrainian soil was inhabited 
three or four thousand years ago by a people of the Tripillian 
Culture, who had not yet discovered iron and had used imple- 
ments made of flint. Tfiese Tripillians likewise used to eat 
these snails, for archaeologists frequently find their shells de- 
posited about their camping-places near the rivers. Therefore, 
the achievement of Stalin's twentieth century socialism 
amounts to this: that he compelled the Ukrainian villagers to 
sustain themselves on food eaten by their primitive forbears, 
three or four thousand years ago... 


L. PYLYPENKO 


THE STARVING SCHOOLTEACHERS' "BORSHCH" 


To make this so-called borshch, one picked the leaves off 
the nettles growing beside the wattle fences along the streets, 
beet-tops and lamb's quarters from the garden, and sorrel 
from the meadow. A little water and salt was added, when salt 
could be obtained, and this mixture was cooked and dignified 
by the name of "borshch." Salt was hard to get, since trade 
was deliberately suspended in the villages to create scarcity. 
There was neither animal fat nor oil in this borshch, since they 
were not obtainable anywhere at any price. 

Such borshch, served up with "baladoni" (millet dump- 
lings), was all the Soviet schoolteachers had to nourish them, 
and on that alone it was a hard struggle to nourish them, 


578 


of living in the "socialist motherland." But the surrounding 
population lacked even those millet "baladoni." 

As a result of such fare, my right eye soon lost 75 percent 
of its vision. The doctor whom I consulted about my eyes ad- 
vised me to eat bread, milk and eggs! My wife, too was ex- 
ceptionally weak from hunger. 

In order to save ourselves from certain death by starva- 
tion, I began to shoot rooks. My fellow-teacher Petrushewsky 
shot sparrows. But I did not have the opportunity to gourman- 
dize for long. Hudim, the secretary of the local Party Centre 
reported my to the District Militia, my hunting rifle was con- 
fiscated and I was forbidden to keep fire-arms of any kind 
any more. (I came of a dekurullzed family.) 

I did not taste meat again after that, but at the hot break- 
fasts at school I began to receive a supplement to by borshch 
in the form of one spoonful of beans cooked in water. The 
pupils, too, with the exception of the children of kurkuls, 
each received a spoonful of the same beans. 


У. H-ENKO 
OIL-CAKE 


During 1932-33 I was a student in the Hdantsovles in 
the town of Kryvy Rih. We knew only too well what it was 
to be hungry. On our ration cards we were issued some thin 
soy-bean soup each day, and our lecturers explained to us that 
our short rations were due to the fact that the kurkuls had 
buried their grain in the earth. 

We hungry students cast about us in all directions to find 
some food. We vied with one another in going voluntarily to 
the fruit terminal to unload the railway cars, where we tried 
to get something “Бу hook or by crook.” 

Our instructor, Onisimow, was dismissed from the very 
next day after he was heard to say that he had formerly fed 
hís pigs better bread than they now gave the workers. 

Everywhere at the time slogans hung, screaming: "Strug- 
gle for bread—means struggle for socialism.” And truly, it 
was a struggle to the death for bread. 

Somehow we students discovered that they were hauling 
corn oil-cake to the Kryvy Rih station in tarpaulin-covered 
horse-drawn wagons. Very little oil can be extracted from corn. 
We were told that the oil was shipped across the border where 


579 


it was used to paint submarines, because corn oi] is the most 
stable in water. But where they were shipping the corn oil- 
cake we did not know. Oil-cake was then very dear at the 
market — a tiny piece the size of a penny box of matches cost 
one rouble. 

We students would jump the wagons and steal the oil- 
cake out of them. Later, they began to haul the oilcake by 
trucks in which sat a guard armed with a club. When the truck 
slowed down for the railway crossing we would jump it in a 
bunch. The guard would beat us over the head and hands with 
his club, but it was not very effective. We did not feel the 
pain and felt fortunate when we could steal a few oil-cakes 
out of the truck; we devoured them on the spot as if they were 
some great delicacy. 

Meanwhile, the Krivy Rih newspaper, "The Red Miner" 
was writing: "The prosperous collective formers are making 
their report to Stalin and writing him: ‘Deat Father Stalin, do 
come up and see us to sample our "vareniki,"'" (dumplings 
stuffed usually with potato and cheese). 


5. к, 


"THIEVES" 


In the spring of 1933, at the height of the famine, spring 
wheat was being sown in the fields of the Poliwyan and Salsk 
Motor Tractor Stations in the Salsk district of the region of 
Rostow. It was being sown by starving collective farm work- 
ers, and as might be expected, they could not resist eating the 
grain or pocketing a handful for their hungry families. 

Finally, these sowers were searched one day, and grain 
turned out of their pockets. They were all arrested under the 
law of February 8, 1932, concerning the “Protection of Social- 
ist Property," and locked up as criminals in the district militia 
jail at Salsk. The numbers of such criminals in the district 
mounted into the hundreds. They were given nothing to eat 
or drink in the first two weeks, except water. А father and 
two sons, twenty and twenty-two years of age, were in ту cell 
while I was serving time as a “saboteur.” The father died right 
in that very cell. 

In that cell, intended for only a few persons, there were 
36 prisoners—so-called "saboteurs" and "thieves." We had 
to sleep sitting up on the floor. For food they gave us each 





580 


500 grams of bread daily with some "balanda" (a thin, watery 
soup), and a dipper of water mornings and evenings. 

After a time the "thieves" were given a special trial so as 
to serve as an example to others, and were all sentenced to 
five years in concentration camps in the far north. These con- 
victed “thieves” also included women. 

This was being done at a time when the majority of the 
peasants on the collective farms were dying of starvation and 
there was no one to work the land. 


N. RESHETYLIVSKY 


THE STARVING SENT BEFORE A FIRING-SQUAD 


In the famine-striken year of 1933 there were large heaps 
of corn piled up in the open at the Reshetiliwka station in the 
Poltava region that were going to rot, but were nevertheless 
being vigilantly guarded against the starving by the organs of 
the NKVD. 

At another station in Poltava, Sahaydaky by name, there 
was a great deal of grairi in the warehouses being guarded by 
the NKVD. 

Sometime during the first few days of May, 1933, the 
hungry workers and villagers at the head of the local Komso- 
mol organization marched to this station under a black banner, 
broke into the stores and commenced to take the grain home. 
But no one profited by it. 

Some were distended to such an extent that, after filling 
their bundles, they were unable to carry them as far as their 
homes and died on th eway. Others who did reach home did 
not have time to make use of it. For, the following night, the 
NKVD went shooting through the length and breadth of the 
village of Sahaydaky, carrying off in their "Black Crow" all 
those who had taken any grain from the station. 

Their trial was conducted very swiftly. The provincial 
courts of Kharkiw, then on circuit, took one week to try these 
starving people as thieves, under the law of July 7, 1932, and 
sentenced a great many to death and others to concentration 
camps for from five to ten years. Those who were sentenced 
to concentration camps were removed to the Poltava jail first 
and it was there that I'met them and was told of these occur- 
rences. 


581 


PANAS KOVALYK 


THE STARVING DIED UNDER MACHINE-GUN FIRE 
AT THE GRAIN STOCK-PILES 


Toward the end of April, 1933, the starving of the village 
of Novo-Voznesenka in the district of Vorontsiw, of the region 
of Mikolayiw, made an attack on the grain stock-pile at Mali 
Hirla, where there was corn rotting in the open. The distance 
to the stock-pile was 18 kilometres. Twenty-three persons fell 
dead along the way, but the rest managed to reach their desti- 
nation. 

Two NKVD men, Kuznetsov and Sablukov, met these 
hungry people with machine-gun fire. Yakiw Husinsky, a sail- 
or from Simfetopil, happened to come upon this scene. He stole 
up from the side, killed Kuznetsow and Sablukov with his pis- 
tol, pulled the machine guns down from the corn-ricks, and 
trained one of them on the door to the office.. Later he 
compelled them to take a count of the dead... There were 697. 
There were only a few wounded, because in this weakened condi- 
tion many died вуеп though only slightly wounded. 


L. PYLYPENKO 


A CORN-WAREHOUSE IS INVADED BY THE 
STARVING 


A few hundred villagers from Mikhayliwske and the sur- 
rounding villages in the Velyko-Bohachewske district of the 
Poltava region, activated by deep despair as a result of the 
famine, went one night in the spring of 1933 to the grain ware- 
housesat the Hoholevo station, There they drove away the 
guards, broke through the walls of the warehouses and began 
to fill their sacks with corn on the cob, which was all that was 
being stored there at the time. Having filled their sacks,the 
hungry mass of villagers crept back under cover of darkness to 
their homes, if they were able to carry their loads so far. 

The day after the event the district representatives of the 
government arrived in Mikhayliwske with a detachment of 
NKVD militia. 

They called a meeting. The secretary of the party organi- 
zation reproached all those who had been swayed by the agi- 
tation of the class-enemy and had gone to rob the property of 
their State; he exhorted them to return their plunder because 


582 


the guilty parties would be found and suitably punished any- 
way. Others gave forth with similar speeches. 

A few of the villagers did return their corn, but most of it 
disappeared—the hungry people just ate it up. They arrested 
five persons as "disturbers of the public order" to strike fear 
into the hearts of the rest. 

Two days later, ап automatic machine-gun appeared in 
the store-house of the Soviet State farm; the secretary of the 
party centre was put in charge of it but its presence was care- 
fully concealed from the people. This measure was taken in 
case of a repetition of what had happened to the corn. 


SOME DIED THROUGH EATING POISONOUS 
SUBSTANCE 


The people did not stop, in their search for foodstuffs, to 
consider what the consequences of eating these food-stuffs 
would be. They just wanted something, anything, to fill their 
stomachs, and it did not enter their heads that they might die 
of it, trough die hey did very soon after. Here is a whole list of 
instances. 

The starving grubbed up the poisoned seed that had been 
sown in the fields, ate there and then, died on the spot. Dur- 
ing the spring they scoured the fields for roots of all kinds, 
stripped the trees of their bark, caught mice and gophers by 
pouring water down their holes to make them come out, ate 
carrion. Ап exceptionally large number fed on the carrion of 
horses at the rendering plants. At such a time they even de- 
voured the carrion of horses infected by glanders and then the 
authorities themselves had them shot. 

They fed on the mash left over from the previous year. 
which was considered no longer suitable for feeding to live- 
stock. They boiled dried animal hides. They prepared pan- 
cakes and fritters variously termed “oladki,” "baladoi 
“motorzheniki,” and so forth, from leaves and other inedible 
substances. They even ate toadstools and the doctors were 
not always able in that case to save their lives. 


P. ONUKHRIENKO 


POISONED SEED BRING DEATH 


This happened in the spring of 1933. I was working then 
оп a Soviet State farm. We were sowing a mixture of vetch 





583 


and oats. The seed had been poisoned before being sown by 
being treated with зоте sort of chemical substance. 

After the sowing, some people who were distended with 
hunger appeared from districts and villages unknown to us; 
they lay prone upon the ground, and grubbing the seed out of 
the earth, began to eat it. What happened to them? All of 
them, and there were about twenty persons, just remained 
where they were. They all died from ating the poisoned seed, 
right there in the fields. 

The Soviet State farm administration did not know where 
the people hailed from nor what to do with them. They re- 
ported the occurrence to the district authorities. From them 
came the order to “plough them under” (bury them all) in 
one pit. 


IRYNA MEDVID 


LECTURE ON THE RUSSIAN LANGUAGE 


On the orders of the People’s Commissar of Education, 
Mykola Skrypnyk, the third course in Kharkiw University, in 
the academic year of 1931-32, was divided into two parts. On 
the surface this seemed a logical move for students who were 
graduating from the pedagogical institute had to practice 
teaching in the schools. In reality an ulterior motive was be- 
hind it. ] 

Arrests and escapes of many school teachers in Ukraine 
had resulted in a serious teacher shortage and the order was 
issued to relieve the situation. I was assigned with a group of 
students to the Vovchansk district, in the Kharkiw region. 
The District Department of Education then sent me to “ргас- 
tice" in a school at the children's village, Tsyurupa, which was 
located on the old estate of General Brusilov. 

Even though the children's village was maintained by the 
government the children were always hungry. The daily ra- 
tion consisted of two thin slices of soggy bread, a colored liquid 
in the morning which represented tea, a thin liquid (soup) and 
a thicker liquid (cereal) for lunch and again a thin liquid for 
supper. The children were listless, apathetic, drowsy. They 
paid no attention and displayed little reaction to anything. The 
small children suffered most o fall because anything they had 
was stolen from they by the older ones. It was impossible to 
accomplish anything in such difficult conditions and finally 


584 


all our youthful fervor waned amid the starvation and hope- 
lessness. 

One day, during the Russian language period, I had gone 
through the whole program: checked the pupils’ homework, 
explained the new assignment in the difficult foreign language, 
and asked some questions. The monosyllabic answers took very 
little time. The classroom was shrouded in an oppressive still- 
ness. The children sat motionless waiting for the bell, never 
laughing, talking or asking questions. I racked my brains won- 
dering how to dispel the overhanging gloom and awaken some 
spark of interest in the children. 

Then my eyes fell on a new April issue of the "Teacher's 
Magazine." I leafed nervously through the pages until an 
article caught my attention and I began to read. The children 
sat quietly for some time then they began to perk up their 
heads and opening their eyes in amazement they came up and 
surrounded my desk. I continued to read: “The children finish- 
ed their lesson and the bell rang. Laughing and playing they 
skipped downstairs to the dining room where lunch awaited 
them, among other things, cocoa, white bread and butter. The 
servant had extra work sweeping up bread crumbs which the 
boisterous children carelessly scattered." 

The children around me, famished and just barely exist- 
ing, suddenly spoke out. "Where, where was there such food?” 

Choking back the tears I answered, "In Moscow." 


1. HANNYCH 


THE LIVING GRAVE 


This event occurred during the peak of the famine in 1933, 
in the village of Mykailiwka, Neforoshchanske district, Pol- 
tava region. A farmer named Marko Klymenko lived in this 
village. He was not very poor but neither was he rich. He had 
a horse, a cow, a few simple farm implements and a nice or- 
chard and vegetable garden beside the house. But his most 
valuable possession was a beautiful tract of land, twelve acres 
of highly fertile black loam. 

With the beginning of collectivization the whole country- 
side was infested with Russian Communist workers and "25- 
thousanders," armed with pistols and unlimited power to cruci- 
fy Ukrainian farmers. No sooner was the threshing complet- 
ed than the Komsomol shock brigade under the leadership of 


585 


a "25-thousander," appeared in the village under the grain- 
collecting plan, diligently searching out and seizing every ker- 
nel of grain. The grain poured in a steady stream into the rail- 
road stations and thence on to Moscow. 

Those who had refrained from joining the collective 
farms were branded as kurkuls. And this is what happened 
to Marko Klymenko. Several times he had been summoned by 
Urbanov, who beat him with his pistol and demanded his signa- 
ture on the application form, but Marko withstood the brutality 
and refused to sign. Then Urbanov ordered the grain-collect- 
ing commission to seize all the grain Marko had and even the 
buckwheat, millet and potatoes. Again they preseed him to 
join the collective farm, threatening him with deportation if he 
refused, and again he remained resolute. 

Then he was declared a kurkul and dispossessed of all 
his property. The livestock and machinery were appropriated 
by the collective farm and everytsing else by the government. 
He was arrested and sentenced to Siberia with about ten oth- 
ers. Аз he was taken away he resisted strongly, and the GPU 
beat him so badly that he could not stand on his feet. Every 
inch of his body was bruised and covered with blood. In this 
condition he was taken to the district prison while his wife and 
three children were left without even a crust of bread in the 
cold, empty house. 

The deliberate appropriation of grain by the Soviet govern- 
ment soon brought the inevitable results. In the first months 
of 1933 people ate mice, oil-cake, bark and almost 
everything imaginable. By spring hundreds were swollen from 
starvation, Dead bodies littered the streets and market places, 
ignored by everyone. Soon, though, an order was issued that 
all the dead must be promptly buried because the decay was 
causing disease which threatened the GPU, "25thousanders" 
and other Communist officials. Because none of the farmers 
were fit to dig graves Urbanov called a GPU detachment from 
the district headquarters for this task. They dug a huge pit 
where once every three days dead bodies were dumped, after 
being collected by the village active and Komsomol group, 
and covered with a thin layer of earth. 

Urbanov himself took an active part in the burial. He 
distinguished himself by throwing into the pit people who, 
though they were motionless, were still living, and burying 
them. This happened when one day he came to the home of 


586 


Marko Klymenko and found his wife and three children lying 
on the floor, swollen and unable to move from starvation. Ur- 
banov ordered them to be taken to the pit and buried. When 
some of his commission members protested that it did not seem 
right to bury people who were still alive Urbanov answered 
that it made no difference, that today or tomorrow they would 
die and have to be buried anyway. 

When the woman and the children were brought to the 
edge of the pit she seemed to realize what was about to hap- 
pen. Summoning all her remaining strength and raising her 
head she spoke in a pleading voice: "Please do not bury us 
We are still alive and, God willing, we may yet get well again." 

In answer Urbanov kicked her on the chin with his heavy 
boot and with the words, “ You did not want to join the collec- 
tive farm so now you die," he threw her and the children into 
the almost full grave and buried them. 

That is why this grave was called the "living grave" by 
the people. 








STEPAN DUBOVYK 


THE BAN ON TRAVEL BY HUNGRY PEOPLE 


On May 13, 1930, my father and I, after being de-kur- 
kulized, were confined in Kharkiw prison. All our posses- 
sions, our home, grain, horses, barns, orchards were given to 
the poor. 

I escaped from prison and for a time hid with a Bulgarian 
in Kharkiw, at No. 36 Ivanitska Street. After some tirne I se- 
cured work on the railroad in Balaklaya where I had a chance 
to see how, every night, hundreds of people were brought to 
the station, loaded into freight cars and shipped to the North. 
A little later I became a reserve train conductor, stationed at 
Osnova. 

At the peak of the famine, 1933, I, as head of a train, had 
occasion to help people, which I did as much as possible. For 
instance on May 15, 1933, I received an order from the person- 
nel director, Petro Shapozhnik, to take passenger train No. 
315-316 from Osnova to Balaklaya, оп the Kharkiw-Levada 
route. These was an order at that time that tickets should be 
sold only to holders of official documents, which meant only 
those who were employed. This ruling barred farmers from 
travel. 


587 


Our train reached Balaklaya in the evening and remained 
there until 4 A. M. the following morning. Many people, their 
hands and feet swollen from starvation, were milling about 
the station trying to get on the train to seek bread in the cities 
and towns. They begged and pleaded but were refused tickets 
for the journey. It was a pitiful distressing scene. Finally I 
ordered the guards to take them on and they did. 

From Balaklaya the train went to Kharkiw, and then re- 
turned to Osnova. The head guard, Onopko, and the head of 
the workers’ committee, Svinaryov, started proceedings against 
me. I was accused of organizing the illegal transportation of 
passengers and was dismissed from work. My pay was with- 
held. 

This ban on free travel by starving farmers was an add- 
ed cause of the deaths of hundreds of people in the surround- 
ing districts. For example, 400 people died of starvation in the 
village of Borshchiwka, 350 in the village of Blahodyriwka, 300 
in Virbiwka, an unaccounted number in Savyntsi, 1,000 in 
Balaklaya, 600 in Andriyiwka, 700 in Heniwka, 1,200 in the col- 
lective farm of “Red Star,” 1,800 in the small town of Borom- 
lya, and so on in all the villages, hamlets and towns through- 
out Ukraine. All these figures are approximate. 

Graves could not be dug fast enough to bury all the dead, 
so they were simply dumped in wells or any holes or pits that 
could be found, and covered with dirt when they were full. 


MYKHAYLO SHKVARKO 


DEATH FROM STARVATION OF UKRAINIAN 
FARMERS 


At the beginning of de-kurkullization and compul- 
sory collectivization I was in the Kharkiw Kholodnohorska 
prison. In 1930 I was released and, with my family, found shelt- 
er in the village of Zhuravliwka, on the outskirts of Kharkiw. 
The village comprised mostly ex-prisoners or those fleeing 
from government repression in the Ukrainian villages. 

My first encounter with the famine was when I was re- 
turning home from work at the Planning Institute one even- 
ing at ten o'clock, and met two boys in the shadows of the long 
flight of stairs. As I came nearer I saw that they were about 
nine or ten years of age. In cracked voices they pleaded, “Give 
us some bread, give us something to eat, for we have had noth- 


588 


ing for a week. Our mothers are dying of hunger." 

In my briefcase 1 had three slices of bread, which I had 
saved from dinner in the dining room, and a one-pound her- 
ring from the shop at the plant and gave them to the boys. They 
took my offering and silently hurried to the space under the 
stairs where they were hiding from the militia. 

Again, I saw in Zhuravliwka how a truck loaded with 
militia-men drove up to а line of people trying to buy some 
grain which was sold to the workers and officials, a kilogram 
(two pounds) per person, without ration cards. They took 
several swollen farmers from the line, threw them into the 
truck and told them, "If you want bread why don't you work 
in the collective farms? Instead, you loafers come to the city 
because it pleases you better." 

The truck roared away taking them to a deep ravine where 
the Kharkiw militia took all those who died from starvation. 
They picked up the swollen and weak Ukrainian farmers around 
Kharkiw and put them into one communal grave. 

Another case occurred when a young boy, about seven, 
came to our apartment to beg for bread. This was in March, 
1933, when my wife and I were at work and our own son, age 
six, was at home alone. The strange boy had walked in and 
begged, "Boy, give me bread. I am hungry; do not kill me." 
Our son gave him a piece of bread which we had left for him 
to eat and the other boy ate it all at once. 

When my wife returned home from work she found the 
byo asleep in the hall. When he heard her come in he awoke 
and started pleading with her not to tell the militia that he 
was there, for they would take him to the pit. He had seen 
them take his mother there the previous day. The next morn 
ing the boy was not in the hall. He had wandered on to look 
for bread. 

One day in March, 1933, when my wife and I returned 
from work we found her younger sister and my younger sister, 
who had come in from the village where they lived, in our 
apartment. Both were swollen and their bodies gleamed like 
glass. After staying with us for about two weeks they began 
to look normal again, and in the meantime they told us what 
was happening in the village. These was no food. The govern- 
ment had collected every last kernel of grain and other pro- 
duce, so they ate chaff and often died from eating it. More 
than half the houses were vacant. People tried to flee to Russia 


589 


or Donbas, but without documents they were not allowed on 
the trains. If they managed to get away somehow they could 
not secure work or buy food, so they came back home and died 
from starvation. 

The schools were closed for lack of pupils, and the teach- 
ers joined the activist group and went around the village 
organizing brigades for collecting wood, iron, leather, wool 
and other things left in the vacant houses and other brigades 
for picking up the dead and hauling them to the Mosienki га- 
vine. 

They told us the heartending story of how my father-in- 
law, Pavlo Husar, swollen with hunger, had started out to Rus- 
Sia to seek bread and died in a thicket in the village of Lyman, 
three and a half miles from home. The people in Lyman help- 
ed to bury him. They also told us how my wife's other sister 
had eaten chaff and roots and died the following day; how my 
oldest brother's widow had been intercepted at least five times 
while on her way to Russia to get bread, and how she had ex- 
changed all her clothes for food and tried to take care of her 
three children and my old mother, but finally died of hunger 
herself. Then two of her children died, Yakiv, 6, and Petro. 8. 
They were buried by their sister in the orchard under the cherry 
tree. 

We were told how my mother was still living and was 
taken care of by her grandson Ivan. 12. My wife and I then 
decided that I should go and bring her to live with us in 
Kharkiw. 

On my way to the village, as the train was passing through 
the station of Hrakovo, I saw how swollen and weak the vil- 
lagers were as they tried to get on a train to go to Russia for 
bread; but the train crew, the conductor and guards threw 
them from the steps to the ground. At the railroad station of 
Valatselivka I saw the same picture. 

In a third class waiting room at the station of Kupyansk- 
Vuzlova I saw more than 200 starving people, over half of 
whom lay like dogs on the cement floor and no longer even 
begged. The others thronged over them as they waited for the 
train. A great many of them died right there and the rest, the 
“more fortunate" ones may have succeeded in getting to anoth- 
er station, but did not escape deats. 

From the station of Dvorichka I went on foot to ту native 


590 


village. Although it was not long since I had last been there 
I could hardly recognize it. 

The Moscow government had taken all the food away 
long before. Now the village was even breefit of cats and dogs. 
The officials hunted them and put them in a pound, but the 
hungry people caught and ate them. People avoided one anoth- 
er in the calm, unreal atmosphere for fear of being eaten, for 
people went insane and often ate thr childrn, mothrs, husbands, 
wives. 

My mother and a few of her neighbors told me how H. 
Zhuk ate his mother; how a woman they knew ate her children, 
and how H. Skrynnyk ate his mother. 

In July, 1933, I learned the fate of my younger brother, 

Pylyp. Two farmers from the village, V. Vasko and F. Khro- 
shynyn, were then working in the Kharkiw Tractor Plant. They 
told me how my brother had gone to the field to pick a few 
heads of grain for his swollen, starving children. He had not 
picked a handful when, from behind the corner of a barn, the 
enraged collective farm brigadier, Ivan Suma, leaped out with 
a club in his hand. He seized Pylyp by the throat and began 
to strangle him. Pylyp was swollen and weak and pleaded 
with Suma to spare him for the sake of his children who were 
waiting for him at home. The savage brigadier threw Pylyp 
to the dry road and, without giving him time to fall, struck 
him over the head with the club. Pylyp dropped dead. His 
wife, Sofia, went out of her mind and wandered away, leaving 
the three small children in the house where they died within 
a few days. 
E After my arrest my mother again returned to the village. 
I learned of her fate from my uncle Semen to whom I returned 
after my release from the Pkhta-Pechora concentration camp 
in 1941. Having returned to her native village from Kharkiw 
my mother also brought some food with her. When the village 
activists learned of this they went to her house and took 
everything away from her. Then they killed her by smother- 
ing her with a pillow. 





F. PRAVOBEREZHNY 


INCIDENTS OF THE FAMINE 


During a breathing-space of nearly two years, from the 
moment of the publication of Stalin's famous "Dizzy" article 


591 


in 1930, until 1932, there was being hatched in the innermost 
secret corners of the Kremlin a terrible, diabolical, inhuman 
plan that was intended to smash the Ukrainian farmers once 
and for all. In agreement with the well-known Communist prin- 
ciple that "the end justifies the means," the Kremlin decided 
upon using a means of compulsion unheard of in human his- 
tory, namely depriving more than 40 million of the Ukrainian 
farm population of all foodstuffs and, with the help of the en- 
suing famine, to force them into submission. 

The organization of the famine was worked out very care- 
fully. That could be seen from the fact that even the seed- 
grain, which was always kept in special granaries in the collect- 
ive farms, was in the early autumn of 1932, carried away for 
storage in large cities, mostly outside the boundaries of Ukraine. 
This was done to prevent the farmers, when the fierce famine 
really struck, from plundering the grain for their own consump- 
tion. The following spring, in 1933, the grain was brought 
back under heavy guard by special GPU detachments. 

After the first quotas of the 1932 crop were collected from 
the farmers, additional and third quotas were demanded. Farm- 
ers started to hide a few scanty provisions, but soon local bri- 
gades and Komisomols wree making a general search. Armed 
with crow bars, and accompanied by the militia and the GPU, 
they went from one farmer to another taking everything that 
was edible, even old oil cakes that were kept for the cows. Very 
few people succeed in hiding anything. 

Hunger was the unavoidable sequel. There was no bread 
left at all in the villages. The miserable remains of potatoes 
and other vegetables were consumed before Christmas, and 
then people began to eat anything they could get hold of to still 
the pangs of hunger. They cut straw into chaff and, together 
with husks and bark, ground it in a mill. They mixed this with 
potatoes or potato peelings and baked "bread" from the mix- 
ture. Cats, mice and dogs became common foot items. In spring 
frogs, snails, squirrels, tortoises, nettle and sorrel were added 
to this list. Diseases of the digestive organs in their severest 
forms, very often fatal, became the order of the day. 

Farmers flocked to large cities. All roads leading to Kiev 
were overflowing with wandering people with inflamed eyes, 
parched lips and completely exhausted bodies. Along the road- 
sides corpses of the “pilgrims” were lying. Men and women 
died while on their way to seek a crust of break for their famish- 


592 


ed children, or while returning home empty-handed. 

In Kiev every morning the streets were littered with the 
fresh corpses of farmers who had died during the night. Vans 
were kept busy collecting them and carrying them away. One 
morning, on my way to work, I saw the corpse of a young 
woman lying on the corner of Lviw Street, near Sinny Market. 
She was lying with her eyes wide open and her baby was crawl- 
ing over her dead body trying to find its mother’s breast. The 
driver of the truck, who was collecting the corpses was stand- 
ing by awkardly and helplessly. What should he do? If he 
threw the mother into the van—what, then, to do with the 
child? Throw it in too? 

Mothers driven to the brink of despair were bringing 
their babies and sometimes their older children to the city in 
order to leave them unnoticed at the door of a shelter, a hos- 
thus save them from certain death. Leaving her baby on a 
pital or even at the private door of some “good people” and 
doorstep, the mother herself would retreat hastily and hide 
behind the next corner and, fearing for the fate of her child, 
would watch anxiously until it was “found.” Once in a while 
the mother was caught while committing her "crime" and 
made to take it back home with her. Later, during the years 
1934-38, I came across many mothers frantically passing from 
Office to office in Kiev trying to find out what happened to 
the children abandoned by them in 1933. Many hot tears were 
shed by those who did not succeed in finding any trace of their 
lost children. 

That the Stalin Famine had been planned and organized 
in advance is proved also by the fact that factories in Ukraine 
refused to employ local farmers as they did others from adjoin- 
ing regions. This was evidentily done to prevent the local farm- 
ers from getting bread at their place of work, which would 
help thern to avoid the necessity of joining the collectives. А. 
special inspection was ordered in the villages near large cities 
and industrial centers. The inspectors' duty was to see that the 
local population did not obtain jobs in their neighborhood. 
Similar orders were given to the administrators of factories 
and works. The control was strengthened by an order that no 
one without a pass should be given a job. not even a temporary 
one. In my village there were at that time large half-mechan- 
ized brick and tile works which used to employ over 500 work- 
ers during the summer season. In 1933 this establishment gave 


593 


work to regular workers only—that is, to those who had work- 
ed there in the previous season. The rest, about half of the 
whole force, was made up of workers from Byelorussia who 
had been contracted by special recruiting agents, although 
right on the spot the farmers would have considered it a boon 
to be given the jobs. 

I shall quote here excerpts from the evidence given un- 
der oath before a notary public in Munich in 1938. The evi- 
dence, furnished by Anna Kasha, a displaced person (now a 
practicing physician in the U.S.A.) is an example of the famine 
in Dnicpropetrovsk, far from my region of Kiev. 

I. Anna Kasha, was born on December 23, 1910, in the 
village of Hladosy, Kherson district. My father was de-kur- 
kulized in 1929, and exiled to the far North. I have never 
heard from him since. My brothers wandered about for many 
years all over Central Asia and the Urals. I myself succeeded 
in getting forged documents and established myself as a teach- 
er at the primary school in Obushkiwtsi village near Dnie- 
prcpetrovsk. Many of those who forged documents had to 
"change" their nationality because it was safer to do so. Ukrain- 
ians were treated badly everywhere; the authorities did not 
trust them and arrested them at the first opportunity. 

"In 1932 I entered the Dniepropetrovsk Medical Institute. 
In 1933 I decided to visit my acquaintances in Obushkiwtsi. 
Disembarking from my ship I noticed at once that there were 
no children at the Dnieper harbor. Formerly many children 
used to come here to play and watch. In the village I did not 
see any people in the streets other than those who were going 
to work. 

“I did not see anyone іп H's courtyard, no child was look- 
ing cut through the window as they used to. On entering the 
room I heard groaning, and advancing in that direction, I saw 
two children lying on the bed. One of them tried to speak to 
me. I recognized her as the elder girl, one of my former pupils. 
"I am afraid of rats,’ she said, ‘they run all over me. Tania 
died a few days ago; the rats have eaten her eyes out, now 
they run over me. Mother and the children are on the oven; 
thcy siopped talking the day before yesterday. Father and 
Peter ‘уеге taken by some strange pople. Thy died a long, long 
time ago.” 

"In the next courtyard I looked in on the Shch. family. Emp- 
tiness zreeted me everywhere. The courtyard was covered with 


$94 


ergot. A woman passing by said that nearly everyone on the 
street had died during winter. Then I went to see the school. 
I found no children there. The teachers had all gon their dif- 
ferent ways. Only the principal remained, and he took care 
of a few children whose fathers worked at the factories. The 
majority of the population had died. Only those survived who 
worked regularly at the factories and received workers' food 
rations. 

“Returning to Dniepropetrovsk I met a colleague, a teach- 
er from the village of Vodyane near the city of Nikopol. She 
told me that she did not teach any more, for there were no 
children left to teach. Nor were there many older people left. 
Out of a population of 5,000 there remained alive four to five 
hundred people. Two to three hundred persons had been ar- 
rested and exiled to Siberia a few hundred dispersed all over 
the country fleeing from hunger, and the rest died from starva- 
tion." 

I must add that it was strictly forbidden to use the term 
"famine" to denote what was happening in Ukraine. In the 
newspapers not a word about the famine was printed at that 
time, and in ordinary conversation and propaganda speeches 
the terms “difficulties” or “difficulties of growth" were used. 
For using the term "famine" one was deported to the North. 





Orphans. 


595 


P. ONUKHRIENKO 


THEY SEARCHED FOR FOOD UNDER THE SNOW 


When, in the spring of 1933, the snow had begun to melt 
in the village of Velyka Semeniwka, in the Kharkiw region, 
the famine-stricken people went out into the fíelds to look for 
something to eat. Some of them gleaned last year's ears of 
grain among the unploughed stubble, others looked for roots 
of all sorts or stripped the trees of their new bark. Still oth- 
ers caught field mice and gophers by pouring water down 
their holes to make them come out. In the case of dead live- 
stock. the people did not stop to consider whether or not they 
were infected with a contagious disease; they would fall up- 
on the carrion, cut it up in pieces and devour it. And then they 
would die. 


NATALKA LYUTAREVYCH 


DEAD HORSES AND RENDERING PLANTS 


It was not only famished people who perished during the 
winter and spring of 1932-33, for, on the collective farms, the 
horses also died en masse. The hungry people saw their salva- 
tion in these dead horses, sharing the meat with one another. 
The authorities, however, prohibited this and ordered the col- 
lective farms to hand over all the dead horses to rendering 
plants, granting each collective farm an insurance policy in re- 
turn. Should a collective farm fail to do this it could not collect 
the insurance policy. There was one of these rendering plants 
in Chornoukhy in the Poltava region, located just beyond the 
Jev:ish cemetery, on the way to Bilousiwa and Hiltsi. 

Vasyl Bubir was in charge of this plant, and Ilko Hre- 
belcky was his assistant. These two men saved many of the vil- 
lagers in such places as Kozlikwa, Kharsik, Bondariw, Kova- 
liw. and others, from the famine, by allowing the people to cut 
up the dead horses which were sent to the plant. The people 
would select the choicer cuts of meat, rinse them in the river 
down in the hollow and carry them in little bags home to their 
'amilies. But on account of this, the rendering plant was not 
fulfilling its "plan." The authorities got wind of the reason 
why, and posted an armed guard around it. 


596 


F. PRAVOBERERHNY 


YOUNG AND OLD—ALL WERE SHOT TO DEATH 


In the village of Mala Lepetikha, not far from Zaporizha, 
а horse, subsequently discovered to have been infected with 
glanders, died on a collective farm sometime in March of 1933. 

Thehungrycollectiveworkersexhumed the 
horseandeveryoneintheplacehelpeddevourit. 
After some time, several cases of glanders cropped up among 
them. The authorities from Zaporizha investigated the matter 
and discovered that those people had become ill through eating 
that particular horse. They decided to exterminate all the in- 
habitants of the place who had eaten the glanderous horse. 

In what words the resdiution was committed to paper, in 
what minutes it was recorded, is not known. What is well 
known is the bare fact that a detachment of NKVD surround- 
ed the place one evening, went from house to house and shot 
everyone—old and young. 

The butchering of these people was committed to several 
“experts,” especially selected for that job, among whom Ole- 
ksander Rezanov, an inspector of the Workers’ and Peasants’ 
Militia, distinguished himself by his singular savagery. 

During that dreadful spring, when thousands of people 
were perishing each day, when corpses were lying untended 
in the streets and dwellings, no one even noticed this “minor” 
incident... 


PETRO KULISH 


A DIET OF MOULDY MASH 


In the spring of 1933, when the whole populace was starv- 
ing, the hungry people of the village of Zhabotinya in the 
Kamyanske district of the region of Kirovohrad were using 
the dried leaves of the linden, mixed with a lit- 
tle potato or screenings, for food. When there was 
not enough of these to add to the leaves, which themselves 
formed the main staple of their diet, they obtained mash 
froma dirty pit at thedistillery in the neigbour- 
ing village of Melnyky; this was the previous year's mash 
which had gone mouldy and was no longer even fit to feed 
livestock. 


My neighbour, Pylyp Mykolenko, who was 37 years old, 
597 


was one of those who went to fetch some of this mach home 
on his back. This was his first and only time. 

It was April, 1933, and there were still light spring frosts 
in the mornings. Pylyp carried around 15 to 20 kilograms of 
the mash on his shoulders, for a distance of five kilometres. 
He was very emaciated and as soon as he brought the mash 
home he took to his bed where, on the fifth of May, he gaye 
his soul into God's keeping. ? 

Pylyp's wife, Olyana, continued to work on the collective 
farm in her hunger-swollen state. She was too weak to go 
there every day, but for each day she did work she received 
200 grams of bread. She steeped this bread in water, added 
some linden leaves to it and made “fritters,” called “oladki” 
which she took for her lunch when she worked in the fields. 
On this diet she survived the famine. 


L. PYLYPENKO 
A DISH OF DRIED CALVES' HIDES 


The population of Rohozow in the region of Kiev, in an 
effort to save their lives, used the most unlikely substances as 
foodstuffs. Some went into the fields where dead horses were 





Corpse of a woman in the neid. 


598 


buried and cut chunks of meat from the carcasses. (The horses 
were dying to the same extent as the people at the time.) 
They cooked the meat and ate it without bread or potatoes. 

Others had dried calves' hides from former days; these 
were scaled with hot water, scraped free of hair, 
chopped inlittle piecesand boiled in water. 

Still others went on hunger-swollen legs to the threshing- 
grounds in the fields where the collective farm's threshing ma- 
chine had worked the previous year; there they winnowed the 
chaff in sieves, hunting for stray kernels of grain and weed 
seed. They pulverized these in a mortar and baked "baladoni" 
of the flour. 

When the spring sun became stronger and the drift ice 
began to break up in the pond, the waves began to throw up 
dead fish along the shores; the people gathered this fish, cook- 
ed and ate it. 

Later, ,when it became really warm and the white acacia 
trees began to bloom, the people picked these blossoms, dried 
them in ovens, crushed them inmortars and devised all sorts 
of culinary delicacies for a meal. The children swarmed like 
bees over the acacia trees, feasting on the sweet white blos- 
some. 


N. LUYTAREVICH 


"MOTORZHENIKTI"—THE BREAD OF THE FAMISHED 


The villagers of Bilousiwka, Chornoukny and other vil- 
lages of the Chornoukhy district in the Poltava region were 
robbed of their foodstuffs by the food stock pile project in the 
fall and winter of 1932-33 and simply left to perish of hunger. 
Very seldom did anyone succeed in hiding away any grain. 

The people made attempts on their own to save them- 
selves from death by starvation. Members of large families 
who had not yet become completely incapaciated and could 
move to some other place fled the village for a job in the towns 
ог to some province in Northern Russia, where there was no 
famine, such as Murmansk, Leningrad, Moscow, or the Urais. 
There they would establísh themselves in jobs and assist their 
needy families with food parcels. 

Those who were left in the villages sought some sort of 
foodstuffs in their own locality. They exhausted the rivers of 
all fish, frogs and snails. They ate up every dog and cat in 


599 


the villages, and caught and ate wild birds, such as crows, 
jackdaws and sparrows. But all that was insufficient. They ate 
the leaves of the linden, elm, and acacia; as a result, the lindens 
and acacias were everywhere completely stripped of their leaves 
since their foliage was regarded the most digestible: Buckwheat 
chaff was deemed a “delicacy.” 

They started to bake the so-called“motorzheniki” (literal- 
ly, something that drives a motor at top speed), in place of 
bread. These were blackish-green cakes which, with their ad- 
mixture of foliage and weeds resembled cow-dung. 

Whoever was fortunate enough to save a cow, goat ot 
sheep, and had some milk occasionally, was a source of envy 
to all. These beasts had to be very carefully watched over even 
in broad day-light, while at night they were taken into the 
owners' houses in order to prevent their being stolen and eat- 
en by famished neighbours. 


1. NADDNISTROVY 


TOADSTOOLS A POOR MEANS OF SATING HUNGER 


Trokhim Zaveryukha's family from the Uchastak settle- 
ment in the Orininske district of the Podillya region was very 
hard hit by the famine in the spring of 1933. Trokhim's wife 
and five small children had been left completely helpless after 
he was sentenced to Siberia during the State purchases and 
grain stock-piling in 1929. 

In the spring, when all sorts of mushrooms and toadstools 
appeared in the woods after the rain, the people fell upon the 
mushrooms and picked them off, leaving only the toadstools. 
Trokhim's children did not know how to recognize mushrooms; 
they picked toadstools, brought them home, and their mother 
cooked them. The toadstools poisoned the children that same 
day and they died in the next few days at the medical dispen- 
sary, where it was found impossible to save them. 

Five-year-old Ivas and seven-year-old Olya died first. A 
few days later the three-year-old boy also died. 

The mother left her one-year-old baby at home and went 
to the woods to look for more "mushrooms." She did not re- 
turn. Six weeks later she was found in the bushes devoured 
by ants. 

The nine-year-old boy fled from the village. He herded 
cattle somewhere for some official of the district and escaped 


600 


the famine. The one-year-old baby was taken to a children's 
shelter, where they gathered all the children whose parents 
had died of starvation. All trace was lost of Trokhim Zaver- 
yukha as well. 

In this fashion all of Trokhim Zaveryuka's family was de- 
stroyed by the famine. 


HUNGER VICTIMS' MARKETS—SOURCES OF FOOD 
AND CRIME 


The government did not at that time exert any control 
whatsoever, sanitary or otherwise, over the markets for the 
hungry. These markets were for the most part established by 
the amoral elements for the purpose of profiteering. А few re- 
sourceful individuals occupied themselves with pilfering from 
these markets and in this way avoided death by starvation. 

Courts of lynch-law were established to try those who stole 
at the markets to satify their hungry stomachs; the govern- 
ment paid no attention to them. Courts of lynch-law were 
also set up in the villages. 

But all these markets were actually the source of tremen- 
dous profit to the criminal and racketeering elements. There 
even existed special workshops for preparing foodstuffs of un- 
wholesome quality to sell there, one instance which was the 
one in Yahotyn. 


P.L. SUSLYK 


COAT-TAIL COMMERCE 


In the spring of 1933 there was very little food for sale 
in any city and town markets in any district. Take, for example, 
the one іп Zinkiw. There were small quantities of millet and 
corn, meal and grain, potatoes, sugar, etc., but all these pro- 
ducts were very expensive and were sold by glassfuls or spoon- 
fuls. Potatoes were sold singly, while pork fat of which, sur- 
prisingly, there was some, was sold in 10 gram pieces. There 
were also cutlets of human or dead horse meat for sale there. 

But it was very difficult either to sell or to buy anything. 
The hungry, particularly the small boys, would snatch every- 
thing out of the vendor's hands. One such twelve-year-old boy, 
Mykhaylo Rak from the Nedilkiwshchina settlement, daily fo- 
raged through the market place, and, even, though he some- 


601 


times returned home mercilessly beaten, still he succeeded in 
saving himself from starvation. 

Cautious people conducted their transactions in the follow- 
ing manner: It was necessary to find a partner, so that each 
could help the other. One of them would take all the wares, 
hide them under his coat and stand far off to one side. The oth- 
er would take just a few cutlets or “flatcakes” (pancaces) and 
go in search of customer, noting who was holding money in his 
hand. He would approach such a person and whisper that he 
had this or that for sale, and they would strike a bargain. 

When the hungry noticed the transaction they would im- 
mediately surround the two, but the vendor would gesticulate 
and say that he had already sold everything. 

Thus, first one, then the other partner would dispose of 
his wares. 


N. ZOLOTAREVYCH 
A "GRABBER" AT THE MARKET 


Anton Zakharovich Petrenko (commonly nicknamed 
"Tit") was a representative of hereditary paupers from Chor- 
noukhy, but he would not join the collective farm, even though 
the village activists spared no pains in inviting him to do so. 

In the spring of 1933 hunger constrained him to seek 
some means of salvation and he found it. He became a profes- 
sional "grabber" at the market, and it was there that he spent 
all his time. He would saunter through the market and observe 
the women to see which one was not keeping a sharp watch 
over her wares. And then he would grab—a morsel of bread 
or an entire loaf, a bottle of milk, a piece of pork fat, or what- 
ever he could. 

When he had snatched something from the market he 
quickly fled to the "heaps" beyond the market place, and im- 
mediately devoured it there. That was how he lived through 
the famine and preserved his life. His forays always went un- 
punished. 


М. LYUTAREVICA 
A HUNGRY BOY IS TRIED BY LYNCH LAW AT THE 
MARKET 


In 1933 the market days in Chornoukhy were Mondays and 
Fridays, as had always been the custom. But this year the 
markets were exceedingly wretched. The sort of commodities 


602 


the people brought to sell were often of questionable quality. 

Some woman from the village of Postawniki once brought 
a large earthenware pot of baked fish. She sat watching her 
wares diligently lest some hungry person snatch a fish away 
from her, but her attention wandered and she did not have 
time to prevent one of her fish being seized by a hungry boy 
who began to run away with it. A wild clamour arose in the 
market place:—"Catch him!" "Hold him!" "Beat him!" 

I came up to the crowd surrounding the captured thief, 
whom I recognized to be the son of Ivan Mikhaylovich Alek- 
sandrov, formerly a fairly well-to-do peasant from the town 
of Chornoukhy. It was little Volodya, 7 or 8 years old, tatter- 
ed and dirty, with hunger-swollen arms and legs. He stood in 
the midst of this brute mob of market women, sobbing and 
trembling. He had time to bolt down the snatched fish, bones 
and all, on the run, but now he understood all too well that 
the time of reckoning was at hand. Now the wronged market- 
woman approached Volodya, shrieking, “Blast your liver, what 
did you do with the fish?” 

“Why, he ate it,” someone spoke up from the crowd in 
despairing tones. 

“Who is he?” again could be heard from someone in the 
crowd. 

“As if you didn't know! It's that kulak Hnatenko's boy.” 
(Aleksandrow was nicknamed “Hnatenko”.) 

“Beat him!” shouted one of the market-women. Flailing 
arms filled the air. Volodya could be heard screaming and wail- 
ing. When, later, the mob of market-women dispersed at the 
approach of a guardian of “revolutionary law and order,” the 
militiamen Kononow, I could see Volodya, with one eye knock- 
ed out, lying unconscious upon the ground. 

Similar incidents of lynch-law by market-women occurred 
frequently at that time. 


N. ZOLOTAREVYCH 


FAMINE, THIEVING AND LYNCH LAW 
There was a rash of thieving in 1932-33 which assumed 
such proportions that it was difficult to combat it. The Soviet 
Government had never taken a sufficiently firm stand against 
the stealing of private property, at the time of the famine, 
but to make up for it, punished everyone mercilessly for any 
sort of anti-government offence. In this famine-stricken spring 





603 


the articles liable to be stolen were such as surely never be- 
fore пог since were likely to be stolen anywhere else in the 
world. 

Such things as beans planted in the garden or borshch 
cooking on the stove were subject to forays. If people noticed 
smoke coming from a chimney the house became an object 
of surveillance to the starving. Because, where there is fire 
there is likely to be food cooking. Frequently if the household- 
er had to leave his house for a time it was overhauled by thiev- 
es during his absence and the borshch on the stove was gone 
when he returned. 

The militia did nothing to combat the thieving; the peo- 
ple, therefore, were forced to resort to self-help and courts of 
lynch-law, as a means of self defence. Here are a few instances 
from the village of Chornoukhy in Poltava region: 

In the village of. Kharsik, the birth-place of the famous 
Ukrainian philosepher, Skovoroda, Marfa Prykhodko dug up 
some potatoes which had been planted in the garden of Lohi- 
now, an official of the Chornouchi County Military Commis- 
sariat. This woman was with child at the time. Lohinow 
caught her in the act and gave her such a merciless beating 
with a shoulder-yoke that she died on the spot. Lohinow was 
not punished for the deed. 

Tolya, the daughter of Odarka Pokidko of Chornouchi, 
was looking for something to eat and crawled into the garden 
of the collective farm book-keeper, Hawrilo Turko, where she 
pulled up a few heads of garlic. Turko beat her so brutally 
that as soon as she had dragged herself home she died. Turko 
was not punished either. 

Ivan Orel, who worked as a watchman at the collective 
farm store-house, wanted to pick something from Afanasy 
Brekalo's garden. Brekalo beat up Orel so badly that the lat- 
ter died the next day. Brekalo went unpunished. 

There were many cases of cows, hogs and goats being stol- 
en in Chornouchi, the thieves being known to be Sizon Timo- 
shchik and Khvedir Verteletsky. One day the villagers, en- 
raged by the systematic robbery, held a court of lynch-law for 
Timoshchik and Verteletsky which was conducted by the 
Communist Kyrylo Kostevich Herasymenko, who later was 
appointed judge in that district. They killed both men right in 
their own homes in the presence of their wives and children. 
There was no investigation into the affair.. 


604 


PALO ZOLOTAREVICH 
PROFITEERING DURING THE FAMINE 


Examples of profiteering in Chornouyhy the Poltava reg- 
ion were as follows: 

1. Mokiy Khfedorovich Turko, father of the bookkeeper at 
the Petrowsky collective fram, who had some nine sheep 
on his farm for a long time sold fried dog meat at the 
market in the guise of mutton. He caught the dogs at the 
rendering plants, where they gathered to feed on the car- 
rion delivered there for rendering. 

2. Iow Cherewko, warehouseman at the collective farm 
named "Toward a Prosperous Life," stole various food- 
stuffs from the collectiv efarm's storehouse, such as meal, 
and had one Fedos Cherwyak sell the bread baked from 
from it at the market, at forty roubles per loaf. 

3. Fisyura, a communist and head of the Soviet Union of 
Co-operative Societies for the district of Chornoukhy, had 
his wife, Maria barter morsels of bread for innumerable 
valuable items such as tapestries, ornamental towels, em- 
broidery, and so on. 

Opanasenko, Deputy-head of the Chorno'uchi District 
Branch of the OGPU, discovered that Andriy Chervyak, 
from the settlement of Sukha Lokhytys which belonged to 
village Soviet of Bilousiw, had parted with gold coin at the 
State department store, (Torgsin), later forced Andriy 
Chervyak to surrendre the rest of his coins, which he himself 
appropriated. Chervlak and the rest of the family perished of 
hunger. 

There was an infinite number of such incidents. 


4. 


PANAS SKIRDA 
"SHCHERBET"—POISON TO THE FAMISHED 


There was no supervision on the part of the government 
of the market-places or of commodities sold there at the time 
of the famine, consequently the people sold whatever they 
wished. Under such circumstances, therefore, there was no 
shortage of criminal and profiteering elements who took ad- 
vantage of the people's unfortunate situation and made an 
unconscionable profit out of it, selling all sorts of inedible 
and even poisonous substances in the guise of food. 


605 


"Shcherbet" was one of those poisonous substances, which 
was prepared at Yahotyn in the Poltava region not for per- 
sonal consumption but exclusively for sale and strictly for prof- 
it. The "shcherbet" was prepared mainly by various small- 
town merchant-speculators, among whom was a goodly num- 
ber of Jews. It was a small cake made of millet chaff mixed 
with molasses, occasionally enhanced by the addition of a 
small quantity of cattle-cake made from beet-pulp. 

That type of "shcherbet" sold at the Yahotyn markets 
at prices well within the reach of the hungry people. Being 
sweetened with molasses, it gave the starving people a momen- 
tary sensation of satiety, but the gratifying effects did not last 
long, for the ingredients of the "shcherbet" caused a most 
agonizing pain when taken on an empty stomach, and the 
partaker of this food soon died of the most horrible cramps. 

А huge number of people hastened their death by eating 
‘this “shcherbet.” 150 people died on Pidvarka Street in Yaho- 
tyn, most of them after having indulged in "shcherbet." 

Katerina Matyushka of the Royiwka settlement in the 
Yahotyn district made pasties with the flesh of dead children 
and sold them at the market. 


"TORGSINS" — A SOURCE OF CRIMINAL 
PROFITEERING EXPLOITED BY THE GOVERNMENT 


The greatest crime of profiteering at the expense of the 
starving, however, was committeed by the Government itself, 
when it organized state department stores, called Torgsins, 
in almost every district town and city in the Ukraine express- 
ly for this purpose, at a time when there were none in the dis- 
tricts of other provinces of the USSR. 

"Torgsins," an abbreviation of “Torgowlasinostrantsami” 
stores for trading with foreigners, had formerly conducted their 
business only in leading cities such as Moscow and Leningrad. 
The stores were now opened in the midst of the starving popu- 
lace of Ukraine in the famine-stricken year of 1932-33, with 
the aim of stripping the famished villagers of the last remnants 
of their family heirlooms such as gold and silver crucifixes, 
ear-rings, wedding-bands, other rings watch-cases, and even 
gold coins. They were a source of replenishrnent of the Soviet 
"Gold Funds." 

Furthermore, Soviet goods at that time began to be boy- 


606 


cotted abroad as a protest against the Soviet government's 
robbery of its own people. THerefore, the goods which sad been 
produced for export were now released on to the domestic 
market among the starving people. 

Here is one example of the transactions of the “Torgsin” 
in the vicinity of Kiev, and Kiev itself: A hungry working- 
class family from the town of Nizhen exchanged their grand- 
father’s wedding-band, a family heirloom, for tood. These 
“Torgsins” took their levy of gold articles not only from among 
the starving populace in the country, but from among the semi- 
starved population in the cities throughout the Ukraine as 
well. 


D. DMYTRENKO 


THE "TORGSINS" IN AND AROUND KIEV 


In 1932-33 my work as hydrographer took me to the dis- 
trict along the Dnieper River from Kiev to Cher! That 
is how I found out that in addition to the “Torgsi Kiev 
there were also others in Bila Tserkva, Bohuslaw, Kaniw, 
Cherkasy, and Zolotonosho, 

The “Torgsin” in Kiev was located on Khreshchatyk 
Street, on the corner of what had formerly been Duma Square. 
It was a large shop with several entrances from the street. 
All sorts of foodstuffs were on display in the shop windows— 
meath, fish, dairy products, confectionery, fruits, several kinds 
of flour, and so forth. 

In the vicinity of this shop or just outside it a throng 
of people of all sorts could always be found, who could roughly 
be divided into three categories: the first was the starving vil- 
lagers of the Ukraine, men, women and children, who did not 
have any gold. They came and stood outside the walls and 
doors of the “Torgsin” in the hope that some shopper at the 
“Torgsin” would share some of his modest purchases with 
them. The second was the workers, civil servants, and especial- 
ly the students from Kiev itself who also did not have any 
“gold,” but were half-starved and had come to the “Torgsin” 
to window-shop. The goods displayed for the most part bore 
labels in foreign tongues, the one occurring most frequently 
being "Made in USSR" in English. The people knew that all 
these commodities had been produced for the export trade, but 
were now being sold here, for some reason. However, they 








607, 


could only be bought for gold or foreign currency. 

The third category of people who came to the “Torgsin” 
had gold. It was possible for these people to buy some of the 
desired goods in the shop. These goods were on sale for gold, 
silver or foreign currency. The starved or half-starved people, 
fearing death by starvation, brought their family valuables 
there such as crufixes, wedding bands, ear-rings, etc. For the 
most part, these were villagers, but many workers did the 
same. Some of the Jewish population who had relatives in the 
United States of America and received assistance from them 
in the form of dollars could also buy goods there. 

We had a few silver spoons that had been in my wife's 
family. We took these spoons to the shop. There they were 
assayed and weighed in a room set apart for the purpose, and 
our names entered in a separate book. (I later learned that the 
establishment was under the vigilant control of the NKVD), 
and we were issued a cheque for which we bought some fish 
and meal for our starving relations in Kiev. 


M. DIDENKO 
"E BACON FOR A WEDDING-BAND 


In 1932-33, a large "Torgsin" was located on the corner 
of Moskowska and Hoholiwska Streets in the main section 
of the town of Nizhen. Nothing was displayed in the windows 
of the large department store, but all the inhabitants of Nizhen 
knew that if you just had the gold you could get anything your 
heart desired in the store. 

Our working-class family, like all the other working-class 
families in town, was famished. In our family there was a 
treasured heirloom, grandfather's golden wedding-band. We 
finally decided to trade this ring for some food at the Torgsin 
So one day my wife and I went to the Torgsin with the ring. 

We went up to the second floor above the shop. They 
accepted the "gold" there. A former “jeweller” of Nizhen acted 
as an "expert in gold." He assayed and weighed the ring in 
our presence. (It weighed some 15 grams.) We then went to a 
separate payment office, the ring was taken from us and we 
were issued a cheque for 45 rubles in payment for it. 

With this cheque we could now, at last, gain admittance. 
to the Torgsin department store, which was located on thë 
first floor. A militiaman and an employee of the Torgsin 


608 


stood at the entrance of the shop, letting in only people who 
had cheques like ours. 

We bought some pork fat, costing around 20 kopeks per 
kilogram, some butter, some sort of groats and some meal 
for our cheque. I cut up one pound of the fat into tiny morsels. 
On leaving the shop I distributed those bits among the starv- 
ing women and children who stood at the doors waiting for 
just such a "hand-out." There were scores of these starving 
people around the shop. They could not themselves buy any 
food in that shop because they had no "gold." They would 
sit or lie around beside the shop begging for alms, and subsist- 
ed on that. 


NATALKA LYUTAREVICH 


THE TORGSINS PLUNDERED THE DEAD 


The Communists took advantage of the famine to reha- 
bilitate their gold funds. To this end they opened state depart- 
ment stores, or Torgsins, in all the larger cities and towns 
in the Ukraine. One was established in Chornoukhy also 
which carried absolutely everything in the way of foodstuffs; 
about the only thing the Torgsin did not sell, the people 
say, was bird's milk. 

But the hungry could only buy there for gold or silver. 
And the hungry did carry the last of their family heirlooms— 
crucifixes, ear-rings and wedding-bands—to those shops. The 
Torgsin was under the particular supervision of the NKVD, 
and if any of the people brought any gold coins of the Tsarist 
regime, the NKVD would visit them and demand that surrend- 
er the rest of their coins to the state, without any compensa- 
tion, and if they refused, threatened they with imprisonment 
in some distant concentration camp. 

Seeing that one could save himself from the famine only 
with gold or silver, some people took to digging up old graves 
in which prosperous persons had been buried some decades 
befor. The graves of the wife of a former merchant Reukow, 
(nickmamed "Stumbler"), of Fenya Denisenko, of Colonel 
Kalnitsky, of Colonel Ivanov, of Squire Martow, and many 
others in the Pokrowsky Cemetery in Chornoukhy were dug 
up and pillaged in this manner. 

Often the graveyard robbers could not agree on how the 
gold they had unearthed from the graves should be divided 


609 


and the matter ended in murder. In Chornoukhy, Ivan Stadny- 
chenko stabbed his accomplice, Yawdokmy Timoschek, to 
death when they could not agree on the division of the gold 
they had pillaged from a grave. 


610 


CHAPTER VI 


FLIGHT FROM FAMISHED VILLAGES TO 
INDUSTRIAL TOWNS 


None of the stronger and more active villagers, who en- 
visioned an inevitable death by starvation, accepted their fate 
meekly. They tried to save themselves from that death by 
seeking salvation beyond the borders of their own villages. 
Some of them left their hungry families at home and struck 
out for the industrial centres of Ukraine, or went beyond the 
boundaries of famine-ridden Ukraine, where their modest sav- 
ings obtained for them some kind of foodstuffs to bring home 
to their starving families. Others, individuals and entire famil- 
ies, tried to leave their villages entirely, by fleeing to the т- 
dustrial towns of Ukraine or even far away from Ukraine, in 
order to find work and so save themselves from a hungry 
death. 

The authorities paid little heed to this migration, even as 
late as the autumn of 1932, but by the winter of 1932-33 these 
migrations had taken on the character of a mass exodus and 
the authorities put into effcet a blockade on transportation be- 
tween the villages and towns. 

The starving pesantry was foiled. It was not allowed to 
leave the villages. It was impossible to obtain the necessary 
documents in order to purchase railway tickets, or the rail- 
way tickets themselves. To top it all, with the introduction of 
the passport system, even those who had managed to flee from 
their villages were hunted out in all the distant places, and, al- 
most forcibly, returned to Ukraine during the spring sowing 
campaign of 1933, there to die of starvation. 


FLIGHT FROM FAMINE-STRIKEN UKRAINE 
VILLAGES 


It was particularly difficult for the villagers from the reg- 
ion of Odessa, the one farthest removed from all the industrial 
towns, to travel to the chief centres of Russia for food. There 
are several accounts of such a journey from the Rudnitsya sta- 


611 


tion on the Odessa-Kiev railway line. А similar journey was 
made by peasants from the Moldavian Republic. 

A village woman from the region of Kiev travelled to 
Leningrad in search of food. A veterinarian's assistant from. 
a collective farm in the Zhitomir region travelled to Russia 
to trade various articles of clothing for bread for his hungry 
family. People from the villages fled to the Donbas, an indus- 
trial centre of the Ukraine. “I’m from Vinnich'china — I heard 
there's bread here in the Donbas," explained one such arrival, 
who soon after perished from hunger. The working people of 
Donbas, in the throes of Stalin's Five-Year-Plan, were also 
experiencing the pinch of famine and were unable to come to 
the aid of the starving pesantry. 

Famished people fled from the Ukraine as far away as 
the Kuban, which had not been subjected to the same extent 
to famine tactics the previous year, losing their parents along. 
the way and being compelled to throw them out of the rail- 
way carriages. 

The starving population even sought refuge from the fam- 
ine in the metropolitan centres of Kharkiw and Kiev, but this 
brought them no relief. Everywhere they were met with cold in- 
difference and hostility on the part of government organs. 
“There is no famine. Anyone who says there is a famine is an 
enemy of the people and the Soviet government," was the hypo- 
critical propaganda used by the government in order to cow 
the workers and civil servants. 


1. VOLODYMYR 


KNIFED IN THE BACK 


Rudnitsya is a station in the province of Odessa situated 
on the Odessa-Kiev line that goes through to Moscow and 
Leningrad. There is a junction there with a narrow gauge 
branch line starting at Pervomay (Pidhorodnya), and running 
through the little stations of Sinyukha, Yuzefpil, Tauzhna, 
Holovaniwsk, Hrushky, Mohylne, Khashchova, Hayvoroi 
Ustya, Bershad and Yalanets. All these stations were gathering- 
points for the people from the villages of Odessa's northern 
districts who had been pillaged by thegovernment to the point 
of utter and immediate starvation in the year of 1932-33. 

The stronger and more resourceful individuals who, in ad- 
dition, knew their way about when it came to travelling to 





612 


the cities, would come to Rudnitsya and try to board any kind 
of train going straight through to Moscow and Leningrad. 
During these years, however, the Odessa trains were always 
overcrowded and very rarely took on passengers at Rudnitsya. 
Then, too, although it was still possible to travel over the nar- 
row-gauge line to Rudnitsya without a special certificate of per- 
mission, at Rudnitsya they would sell tickets only to those who 
had these certificates. 

People who were determined to make the long journey 
to Moscow or Leningrad in order to obtain food for their 
hungry families would spend days and days at Rudnitsya. They 
did not even attempt to get tickets anymore, since they did 
not have certificates of permission. However, they stormed 
each train as it arrived as if it were a fortress. Even the rail- 
way KPU could not do much to defend it against the onslaught 
of these people. When a train was due to arrive at the station, 
all the doors of the railway carriages were locked. The GPU 
would put the individuals with tickets on the train while the 
people without tickets would cling to the steps, sit on the buf- 
fers and climb on to the roofs of the carriages. They were put 
off the train farther on, but that did not deter them. 

Once in the month of December a conductor refused to 
let any of the people board his train so one of the starving 
passengers, without a certificate of permission, stabbed him in 
the back with a knife. The conductor crumbled to the ground 
and the waiting villagers rushed into the carriage. However, 
the train was delayed until the KPU cleared cut all the ticket- 
less passengers. 


V. SAVUR 


DESTINATION: LENINGRAD—OBJECT: BREAD 


Y. M., a kinswoman of mine from the village of Medvin in 
the region of Kiev travelled to Leningrad three times in the 
fall of 1932 in order to obtain some food. She went there by 
way of Kiev and White Russia (Vitebsk). These trips were 
extraordinarily exhausting and the travelling alone took the 
greater part of a week, 

In Kiev they had already begun to sell the so-called “сот- 
mercial bread"; one kilogram could be obtained at a time 
without a ration card. It was impossible to get several loaves 
at a time, There were such enormous lines of hungry villagers 


613 


waiting to buy the bread that it took a whole day to obtain 
just one loaf, after much exertion, in just one of the lines. 

But in Leningrad there were no lines at all at the shops 
in which bread was sold without ration-cards. Therefore, in 
one day at Leningrad it was possible to wait one's turn at 
several shops and buy several loaves. That is what my kins- 
woman did. 

A tremendous number of starving people from Ukraine, 
who had come in search of bread showed up ín Leningrad. 
The local government organs and the Leningrad militia paid 
little heed to these people and did not persecute them; on the 
contrary, they frequently showed them kindness and considera- 
tion. 

These People encountered their greatest difficulties while 
travelling in the trains. The first time my kinswoman made 
her journey, she brought back with her about ten loaves of 
bread, with little effort. The next time she brought back only 
five loaves, while the last time she was relieved of all her 
bread on the grounds of “speculation.” 


VASYL MIVUTENKO 


FATHER TRAVELLED TO RUSSIA FOR BREAD 


We lived in the Ukrainian part of Polisya in one of the 
villages of the district of Chopovich in the Zhitomir region. 

My maternal grandfather, Hrytsko Ivanenko, and his 
two sons, Ivan and Vasyl, were arrested in 1930, and his proper- 
ty wasdekurkulized and sold. The older son, Ivan Ivanen- 
ko, could not bear the harsh treatment meted out to him by 
his interrogator at the Zhitomit prison, disarmed him and re- 
leased the prisoners from two cells, but was then shot on the 
spot. We received our first and last letter from my grand- 
father, Hrytsko Ivanenko, in which he begged for some warm 
clothing, posted from the town of Vyatka, and another from 
his son Vasyl, bearing a post-mark from Arkhanhelsk. Then we 
lost all trace of them. 

My father was an assistant to the veterinarian. He joined 
the collective farm named "In Bolshevik Tempo," and relin- 
quished everything he possessed except one cow that was left 
at home to supply the needs of a family of five; but father was 
always regarded as "unreliable" because his relatives were 
kurkuls. 


614 


In 1933 when the famine was at its height, father travelled 
several times to Russia for bread. He took with him his sheep- 
skin-lined coat, mother's shorts, even her wedding-shirt, and 
all the other clothing we still possessed. That saved us from 
death by starvation. But our cow helped most of all. We also 
lived on the meat of dead horses. Father, as the veterinarian's 
assistant, kept records of dead stock, and had the opportunity 
to get occasional cuts’ of meat from the carcasses. 


DONBAS: MECCA AND NADIR OF THE STARVING 


In February of 1933, the station of Khartsizk in the region 
of Stalin on the Dnieproporetrovsk-Rostow line, started to fill 
up with men, women and children who were trying to escape 
death by starvation by leaving the various provinces of Ukraine 
such as Kiev, Vynnytsya, Poltava for the Donbas. 

I walked to work past this station every day, and saw 
those ragged, dirty, hunger-distended people with all their 
worldly goods stuffed in sacks. They would come up to me 
and beg for bread or something to eat. The militia-men chased 
them away from the station time and again, but they would 
always return. Some of those starving people hanged them- 
selves on the trees or in the sheds belonging to the railway 
wórkers who lived in the town. 

With the coming of spring the flood of the starving in- 
crased. By March these people, black as shades, roamed not 
only the station, but the whole of Khartsizk as well. The sta- 
tion house and platform could not accomodate them all. They 
filled up all the floor space and the overflow lay, slep, and died 
on the streets beneath the hedges of the public gardens. Every 
morning at seven o'clock I noticed piles of untidy, quite dead 
bodies, while next to them members of their families already 
clearly exhibited complete indifference to the surrounding 
sights. The militia would disperse the local working people so 
as not to have them looking at the corpses or talking to any 
of the starving, and would gather up the cadavers and scme- 
where dispose of them. Each day they would also carry many 
people who had died of hunger out of the railway carriages. 

By April the starving had overrun the entire town of 
Khartsizk. They lay in every street, at every intersection, 
their arms were outstretched and they begged for alms with 
remarks like, “You can see for yourself why we are begging.” 
The famished people died right in the streets, still clutching 


615 


the stray coins they had succeeded in obtaining by begging. 

There was a Soviet state farm, the “Hornyak” No. 5, out- 
side the town of Khartsizk. As I was going there one day, I 
happened to hear a groan coming from the shrubbery at the 
side of the road. I approached and saw a large, handsome grey- 
haired man about 65 years of age lying on the bare earth, cover- 
ed with a peasant jacket, with his mouth agape and his eyes 
shut. His whole face was covered with flies. 

I brushed away the flies, looked around to see that no one 
was watching, and asked, “Where are you from, grandfather?” 
"I'm from Vinnichchina . . .I heard there's bread here in the 
Donbas . . . I've come here to save myself from starvation 
... Now, pléase, let me have a little thin soup, not bread, be- 
cause ГИ die if I eat bread now . . ." whispered the old man 
in reply. NÉ 

I then went to the Soviet state farm and recounted all this 
to the administration. They prornised to send some soup to 
old man, but I know that no one saw to it that it was done, 
because everyone was afraid to take the responsibility, since 
it was forbidden to help the starving in an official capacity. 
The next morning a militiaman from Khartsizk discovered the 
old man's body among the nettles. 

A few of the starving had the good fortune to land jobs, 
but their hunger was not sated thereby. These hungry people, 
who were already working, used to go along the streets and 
through the garbage heaps looking for something edible. 

I was going to the town of Makiyiwka one day when I 
glimpsed some people peering out of a trench near the pipe 
works. Taking a closer look, I saw that there was a dead horse 
in the trench. Then I realized that these people were watching 
over the horse in order to cut themeslves a portion of meat un- 
observed. 

On my way home after sunset I saw the people chopping 
the horse to pieces and carrying the meat away with them in 
little bags, leaving only the excrement in the pit, because they 
took away the hide and intestines, too. 

At their various meetings the Communists never once 
тпаде the least mention of all these scenes of famine and death 
being witnessed by the workers; they had to keep repeating 
the directive from Moscow that "the Ukraine under Moscow 
is a blossoming and happy land and there is no famine with- 
in it." 


616 


IVAN KLYMKO 


ESCAPE BY RAIL TO THE KUBAN 


There were several of us dekurkulized families at 
Ilovaysk in the Donbas who knew each other. We were living 
there illegally and had to hide in order to avoid investigation. 
It was no longer safe to stay there permanently. At the begin- 
ning of March, 1932, Hrytsko Babych, Ivan Babych, two 
strange families, and our own—five families in all—decid- 
ed to flee together to the Kuban. 

Famine was already raging in Ukraine by the beginning 
of 1932. People looking for salvation travelled en masse to the 
Kuban in the hope of obtaining some bread to bring home 
to their families. There was no famine in the Kuban that year; 
it did not arrive until 1933. It was still possible to buy a bushel 
of meal in the Kuban for five to ten rubles, while in Poltava 
the same meal cost 120 rubles; a loaf of bread cost one rouble 
in the Kuban while in Poltava it cost 10 roubles, while a litre 
of oil cost 7 or 8 roubles there and was far more expensive at 
home. 

Some people were going to the Kuban by rail to get bread, 
while others were already returning with their purchases. There 
were frequent changes of trains The stations at such points 
were full of people wanting to board trains. The people at- 
tacked each train that arrived at the station as if they were 
storming a fortress. They crawled into both freight and pas- 
senger cars, through doors and windows, up on to roofs of car- 
парез; they slung to buffers and steps, and were frequently 
injured or killed when the train was moving. 

This journey with our families and small children lasted 
eight days. It was a nightmare of torture for us all, both 
physically and morally. At Tahanrih, Rostow, Kishchiw, Ti- 
moshowka, and so on, we sometimes had to wait several days 
for a train. 

Once we reached the Kuban we landed jobs in the fish 
industry at Akhtara, situated on a bay in the Black Sea. It 
was very difficult to find living quarters, especially with chil- 
dren, and until we found a house we had to sleep on the floor 
of an inn, and pay one rouble each per night. All the same, 
since prices were reasonable and we were employed, we could 
have lived for some time in peace there with our families, but 


617 


our good fortune did not last long. Next winter we had to flee 
from there with our families. 
(From D. Solowey's, Along the Path to Golgotha [in Ukrainian |). 


YAVDOKYM BONDAR 


HE HAD TO ABANDON HIS FATHER'S DEAD BODY 
AT A STATION 


Luka Khalyava from the Nova-Volodimiriwka settlement 
in the Sakhnowshchansk district had four sons, one of whom 
was arrested and sent to Siberia, while the other three were 
working somewhere in a manufacturing plant, having run 
away from the village on account of the collectivization. 

In 1932-1933, the year of the famine, Luka and his 
wife began to starve. Luka's wife died of hunger, so he buried 
her and decided to go to live with one of his sons in Kharkiw 
in order to escape a similar fate. He had barely arrived in 
Kharkiw when all the fugitives from the villages were requir- 
ed to leave the city, as that was when the passport system was 
introduced. 

Luka's son had a family of six. He had to wait a long, long 
time at the station before he got tickets for the journey to the 
Donbas. He took Luka, his father, with him. Luka died in the 
railway carriage on the way there. There was no way for the 
son to bury his father because at that time no stop-over was 
allowed at way-stations and he could not forfeit the tickets eith- 
cr, because then death by starvation threatened his family in 
the course of their journey. 

That is why Luka carried his dead father out of the rail- 
way carriage, propped him against the station wall and rode 
cn with his family. When the train had started up someone 
did call out, "Who left the dead man behind?" but it was too 
late... 





У. SAVUR 
DEATH CLAIMS THE STARVING AT THE MARKETS 
KIEV 


In 1932-33 the markets of Kiev—Zhitny at Podolya, Lu- 
kyaniwsky, Sinny, Zhydiwsky, Halitsky, Basarabka, Troitsky, 
Volodimirsky, Solomyansky, and Demiyewsky carried on busi- 


618 


ness day aíter day, as usual. At these markets the following 
scenes could be observed every day: 

The market women sat in the stalls or in rows on the 
ground selling all sorts of grain by the glassful: wheat, rye, 
barley, millet corn, groats or some sort of meal, fish cakes, 
pancakes and little pies with some sort of filling. These were 
all priced at so many roubles each. Sales of loaves or, more 
frequently, slices of bread, were carried on "from under the 
coat.” Meat, too, was sold “from under the coat"—it was most- 
ly horse meat of questionable quality. 

Vegetables, such as potatoes, onions, beets, and carrots, 
bottled milk, and other dairy products, which were brought 
to the markets by the farmers from the villages surrounding 
Kiev, were very sparse in quantity and extremely expensive. 

Besides these foodstuífs, the markets were always over- 
flowing with treasured articles from the villages, the most 
valuable heirlooms and artistic handicrafts the village families 
possessed, such as coral bead necklaces, passed on from moth- 
er to daughter for generations, embroidered, ornamental towels, 
shirts, table-cloths, hand-woven rugs and tapestries. The vil- 
lagers from the entire countryside brought these, their most 
treasured articles, to Kiev, and sold them at ridiculously low 
prices or exchanged them for a few glassfuls of grain, in order 
to keep body and soul together. 

One could observe three categories of buyers at the mark- 
ets. The first category, which aroused widespread indignations, 
consisted mostly of wives of high Soviet officials, Communists 
and those in superior positions (the "workers with responsi- 
bility”), who were at the time receiving plentiful food-rations 
at shops, called Raspreds, which were closed to the general 
public, These women brought their left-overs to the market and 
traded them at extortionate rates for the villagers’ most treasur- 
ed possessions—ornamental towels, tablecloths, rugs, and 
tapestries, 

The second category consisted of the wives of workers 
and minor civil servants who wanted to buy their undernousrish- 
ed families more food at the market, such as vegetables, milk 
for the children, or some sort of grits for the soup. They 
brought with them to the market only their modest, hard-earn- 
ed Soviet roubles. The villagers’ towels and tapestries did not 
interest these women. Their intersts lay mainly in food. 

The third category consisted of the ragged, distended vil- 


619 


lagers who were engrossed chiefly with the idea of buying 
some food. All the articles they had for sale were disposed of 
in return for two or three glassfuls of grain; a richly-embroider- 
ed table-cloth or shirt went in excsange for a four pound loaf 
of bread, а wall-hanging large enough to cover а whole wall 
for only two or three such loaves. 

But the majority of these distended villagers, adults and 
children, consisted of those who had nothing at all to sell and 
no money besides. They had come to Kiev with the idea of 
never returning to their native villages again. They wandered 
through the market-place, their arms outstretched, pleading, 
“Please give me something . . .Please don't let me die.” They 
rummaged through the garbage heaps and sucked at all the 
cores and peelings. But no one had the means to save them. 
The famished and hunger-distended people had for the most 
part nowhere to spend the night and spent it at the market- 
place. Some of them even died there. 

At night trucks under the supervision of the GPU would 
arrive and collect not only the corpses but also the distended 


em 
Mothers and children doomed to die. 





wretches who were in their death agony. They took them out- 
side the city limits and buried them somewhere in mass graves. 

It was not necessary to go to the Ukrainian villages in 
order to view the catastrophe of the famine. A little time spent 
at just one market-place was enough for anyone to realize in 
all its enormity the horror of the famine which had Ukraine 
and all its villages in its grip. The Soviet authorities saw and 
were well acquainted with it. The workers and minor civil 
servants in the towns likewise saw and understood the situa- 
tion, but they could do nothing to help. 

“Those are all ‘enemies of the people’ and kurkuls who 
won't work,” the Communist propagandists would explain to 
the workers and civil servants at their various meetings, when 
questions about the phenomena occurring in the villages un- 
intentionally cropped up. "Those are merely economic diffi- 
culties,” these propagandists would elucidate. “There is no fam- 
ine. Anyone who says there is a famine is an enemy of the peo- 
ple and the Soviet Government," they would affirm. 

But the workers and civil servants understood it all after 
their own fashion. 


NO FAMINE ANYWHERE ELSE IN RUSSIA 


A happier lot was that of the individuals or entire families 
who broke through the blocKade on transportation, overcame 
all the difficulties of travelling, and succeeded in emigrating 
beyond the boundaries of the famine-stricken Ukraine to Rus- 
sia or other republics of the USSR, where there was no famine 
at that time. The following documents by witnesses who are 
still alive attest to this fact: 

The first document describes a scene in which it was the 
Ukrainian workers alone who saved up their slices of bread 
and set them out to dry, to send to their relatives in Ukraine, 
while there was no need for the workers from other provinces 
and countries of the USSR to do this. 

Another document brings us an instance of whole families 
of Ukrainian villagers fleeing in their wagons from the north- 
ern provinces bordering on Russia to the vicinity of Moscow 
in order to save themselves from the famine. 

Here is a comparative illustration, made in the year of 
the famine in Ukraine, of the conditions at railway stations 
in the famine-stricken Ukraine and in the province of Tula in 
famine-free Russia. Not only was there no famine in Russia at 


621 


the time, but the Russian villagers could not bring themselves 
to believe that the khokhly? could be dying of hunger.” This 
pointed comparison is made in another document as well. 
Ukrainian grain on the free market in Russia cost a tenth of 
a tenth of what it did ín Ukraine. 

There were also some Ukrainian villagers who attempted 
to save themselves from the famine by fleeing to such republics 
of the USSR as Turkornansk in Central or Azerbaidjian. 


*Khokhly (singular: Khokhol): — Derogatory Russian 
nickname for Ukrainians. 


M. DIDENKO 


UKRAINIANS IN MOSCOW SEND DRIED BREAD 
HOME 


In the spring of 1933, when I was a student at the Moscow 
Institute of Transport, I lived in the north-west sector of the 
city atVsesvyatsk. There was a tremendous amount of con- 
struction on factories, plants, institutes and housing of all 
sorts going on in that district of Moscow. Thousands of work- 
ers Нот different districts of the USSR were employed оп 
those construction projects. Among them were many Ukrain- 
ians who were employed there chiefly navvies. These work- 
ers had their families with them. Temporary single-story 
wooden barracks had been erected all around the construction 
site to house them. These contained accommodation of two 
sorts: that occupied by a single family to a room,, and that in 
which several families shared one room. Frequently workers 
from a particular part of the USSR would all live together in 
the same section of the barracks. 

We students were sent to conduct cultural and educational 
classes for the workers. I cannot forget one scene which I 
saw at the barracks, on my frequent visits there. 

The roofs of some of the barracks were all marked out 
into separate plots by chalk lines or strings. And each plot 
was always completely covered by sliced bread drying in the 
sun. Sometimes the plots did not provide enough room and 
plywood extentions were attached at the sides in order to 
accomodate more bread. 

The workers' children who were too young to work used 
to spend each day going about the barracks chasing birds away 
with little switches so that they would not eat the bread. 


622 


Later I learned that it was always the Ukrainian workers 
who were drying the bread and that they were sending it to 
their relatives in Ukraine. The construction-workers were then 
receiving 1,200 grams of bread a day each, 600 grams of black 
and 600 grams of white. They always had bread left over and 
the Ukrainians could easily buy the leftovers from the non- 
Ukrainians to add to their own. It was the Ukrainian language 
which resounded through the barracks the roofs of which were 
overflowing with drying bread. 

In the other barracks, where the Russian tongue predomi- 
nated, and the workers came from other districts of Russia, 
there was no drying bread to be seen. 


IVAN VOVENKO 

I write for the "White Book" so that people will remem- 
ber and so that the people will be afraid. My parents were 
well off and so they had 12 children. After the death of my 
father (1918) the older brothers looked after the household 
with my mother, and the older brothers took wives and left 
the household, and then I got married and took the household 
under me. I did not have the chance to look after the house- 
hold for long. In winter of 1929 all the misfortunes came up- 
on me and upon my family. Three brothers were arrested, they 
took away all our property and they put me in jail. So I was 
a jailbird for two months when my wife came to see me; she 
alone was free at that time, they let her out, but all the rest 
were kept in jail. They transferred me then to the cell No. 1 
and there was Hanula Vasyl, who told me he had been in jail 
for the last 7 months; his two brothers were shot and he is 
about to be, too, he thought. 

But they did not shoot me; they transferred me to Bila 
Tserkva; I met my 70 year old mother, there beaten to a pulp 
and half-dead of hunger. And they gave me almost nothing 
to eat and they beat me without mercy. Two cells, 1A and 4А 
were special ones; they put there only people to be shot. And 
they shot us fellows, kurkuls making of us political prison- 
ers. The fellows looked to save themseves from this beating and 
the shooting and broke the floor and dug a tunnel and started 
to run away but they saw it and shot many and caught many, 
still very many got away, too. But as to me they took me and 
brought me to Kiev and they saw me as one of the most danger- 
ous political prisoners but I understood as little in politics as 


623 


а wolf in stars. Here, in Kiev, the investigators came to me 
and told me again and again to talk. "Confess that you are for 
Petlyura!" They broke my seven teeth and put my fingers 
out of joint. And all the time they asked me about my broth- 
ers, who went to whom and what they did. And I said: "I do 
not know." But they would write down and say: "Sign," but I 
did not. And they beat me {ог so long that I had worms in 
my wounds. But they could not beat out anything from me, 
read the record of what I said but not what they wanted, I 
signed and having taken off my shirt showed the wounds with 
worms. And then, sometime later, they started to cure my 
wounds, and again later, they transferred me to the ninth cor- 
ridor and there I carried the slops for the prisoners and they 
admitted that I was not a political one and that I was very 
young. 

And then I had it somewhat easier and got to know many 
things. 

In the first celler there were 9 cells—all of them filled with 
those to be shot. They shot them only in the night-time. They 
brought out the corpses in covered trucks. They shot some 70- 
120 per night. And then in time I got to know that my broth- 
ers sat in the death cells. I even talked to one of them through 
the hole in the door. He did not know he was to be shot and 
I did not tell him for it was impossible to break out of the Kiev 
prison. And so they shot my brothers all there. But they took 
me and many others to the station. And the peasants asked the 
head of the guards: "Where will they take us?" 

“To Siberia, you damned kurkuls, to Siberia, you Petlyu- 
rist bandits." 

And the peasants started to shout and to wail: there 
was much shooting and the prisoners fled, but not many suc- 
ceded. The greater part was shot and the rest of the beaten 
ones was put into the cattle cars and taken away. And as to 
food, there was almost none, and they beat, you said 
a word, they went at it again. For those who died there 
was a separate car. At the stops the convoy gave them away 
and received money, too; they wanted to flee, they said and so 
were shot. 

Finally they brought us there. There were not so many 
of us left. And they brought whole frights of such poor people 
as we. And then there was a rumour that some American com- 
mission would come. People were happy; perhaps they would 











624 


take us to America, we thought. Oh, no; no America for us. 
They took away almost all; only a couple of thousand of us 
were left behind to bring the camps in order from which they 
took the people. In one of the camps, Krasnoyarska Dolina, 
163rd Battalion, we found, as we started to burn the barracks, 
very many bodies in one of them and some people alive, too. 
We told the chief Sorokin of that. Then Sorokin gave the ord- 
er to dig a great big hole in the sand and to carry there all 
the dead and quick to pour gasoline over them and to set 
the whole thing on fire. When we told him that one may not 
burn those alive he told us: "You were told what to do, so 
do it; otherwise you'll get into the hole yourself." We burned 
зоте 1600-1700 people. 

And after some time they brought us to a camp that even 
did not look like one. There were clean barracks, all paths 
were covered with sand, soccer. They fed us well, they did not 
sendus to work. In the kitchen and everywhere else there were 
NKVD-men dressed like prisoners. And then the commission 
really arrived. Our chief Shkriabin showed the commission this 
camp and the NKVD-men in prisoners’ clothes were in the 
first row wherever commission passed, in case anyone would 
have asked anything. But nobody asked a thing. And so they 
took that commission in. They laughed even. "We are not 
afraid of those fools; we're afraid of our own bosses, but we 
will dupe America seven times in a row." And they did take 
them іп. Everything became as before. And then I decided to 
flee with some others. From Krasnoyarsk to Ukraine: 8,000 
miles. It was difficult but still I fled. 

And I came to my aunt. But she did not seem to be too 
happy to see me. Then came the uncle and asked me warily 
all kinds of questions. So I told him that I ran away from Si- 
beria. He became very thoughtful, still I was his relative. so 
he said he'd help me but asked me not to say a thing anywhere 
so that he himself will not be put to jail. So we sat down to 
eat but there was almost no food. I asked him who those swol- 
len people were I saw down on the stations in Ukraine. And 
he told me that there was 2 terrible famine: that cannibal- 
ism was all around and that many people had died already 
of hunger. It was that 1933. But I did not take my uncle's ad- 
vice and started to ask everywhere where my wife was. for 
She had been freed. And then they told me that she was in 
Kiev at heavy work. As soon as my wife knew I was at my 
= 


625 


uncle's, she came: to him but I was not there. They had ar- 
rested me. So she did not see me. 

They put me with others in a train in Kiev and took me 
to the far North, to the camps around Murmansk instead of 
the Siberian ones. There they put us to cut wood and send 
it down, and again sorrow and again beating. Many died there. 
Many cut their hands and feet on purpose. They were bare- 
foot, hungry. It was terrible. 

And people started to die like flies; And when Sunday 
would come along they called us to clean the camp and we 
got together all the dead, carried them to a pit and burned 
them. The highest percentage of people died in our battalion, 
No. 213, at the station of Tinokondi, Murmansk. We put away 
those dead and those about to die. One time we threw in the 
pit one of such about to die, but we did not burn him. He 
started to gnaw on the others who were still alive, and т 
three days he came back to the barrack. And as he came 
back, the cleaner sent the word to those above that such and 
such one is not dead, but alive. Then the chief, Borodin, got 
all the prisoners together and called that man a cannibal and 
shot him in front of our eyes. And we started to shout that 
we all will become cannibals if they would not let us have some- 
thing to eat. 

Then, they took three hundred of us and put us in an 
“isolator (solitary cell). The world has not seen such like as I 
saw in that "isolator" during the 9 days. Nobody held it out 
there for longer than three weeks. And then again some com- 
mission came, not an American one this time, but a Soviet one. 
Nobody said a word for everybody knew that in case anyone 
would say anything, they would shoot not only the one who 
spoke, but every tenth one, as soon as the commission left. 

Some time later they took us to a new camp. Up until 
that time I had seen frightful things, but I had not seen any- 
thing as terrible as that. And so I decided to put an end to my 
life. I was all ready to do it but a friend of mine stopped me. 
I almost got there anyway sometime later while working in 
the barrack they called the Hospital. Here they started to cure 
me. 

I made the acquaintance of a doctor here, a Ukrainian, 
and he made me well and got me a job in the store. Here, it 
was better. In this store there were many new clothes sent to 
the prisoners, But the heads of the store took all the new 


626 


clothes and stuff and sent it to Leningrad to be sold there on 
the black market. As we packed the clothes, we workers, too, 
got some money. But we had a special ticket system in the 
camp and one could not get anything for the Soviet money. 
They sold whole wagons of the cloth. The stuff would come 
down from Moscow to the camp and from the camp to the 
black market in Leningrad. All this was done under the direc- 
tion of the NKVD-man, Oleksy Makarov. 

Often they would take me along for this business of trans- 
porting things to the black market and one time, as we went 
to Leningrad, I made up rny rnind to flee. And I fled. 

I went through much sorrow then, as I lived on forged 
documents. And so I lived until the coming of Germans. Then 
I went back to my village, then to Germany, and finally to this 
blessed land of the U.S.A. Now I live as well as anyone else. 
And anybody who does not like America should go to Russia. 
But very few people come alive from out there. 





M. RUSETSKY (engineer) 
FLIGHT INTO MOSCOW 


In 1932, when the famine was raging in Ukraine, I was 
serving my period of army duty as an engineer in a special 
army construction project in Khymki in the suburbs of Moscow. 
There was absolutely no famine in Moscow and no one would 
believe me when I told them of the famine in Ukraine. The 
only one who knew of the famine and who did believe me was 
Borisenko, the Commissar of the First Red Ensign Division 
(who later was liquidated). He helped me a great deal by 
giving me all sorts of food to send in my food-parcels to my 
relatives in Ukraine, 

At that time, many of the villagers from the northern 
provinces of Ukraine who owned horses gathered up the whole 
famile and emigrated to look for work in the vicinity of Mos- 
cow in order to escape the famine. With Borisenko's assistance, 
and that of other people with whom I was connected, I organiz- 
ed these villagers into a complete small town of navvies at and 
around the construction project. The majoriy of them also 
worked on the excavation of the Khimkinsk reservoir. 

When I had completed my period of service and was 
leaving, in the fall of 1932, the whole population of that “bar- 
tacks and clay-and-wattle huts” village came to bid me fare- 


627 


well and thank me for everything I had done for them. My 
post was filled by my assistant, an engineer named Korolyow, 
from Vyatky in Russia. At my earnest request he made him- 
self the same kind of protector of these villagers that I had 
been previously, and kept те informed by letter of the aid 
he was giving them. 


3. ZAPOLENKO 


NO FAMINE IN RUSSIA 


I was a worker in the Donbas chemical industry during 
1933 .and in April of that year I was given a 30 day vacation 
and a fortnight's pass to the rest home in Pushcha Vodytsya 
in the vicinity of Kiev. I had to travel to Kiev and Poltava. 
No sooner had I left the Donbas, than, at the very first sta- 
tions along the way, I began to see bodies of famine victims. 
They were simply left lying about the stations. At the same 
time I could see a tremendously long line at the ticket window 
trying to get tickets. From time to time someone in the line 
would collapse and not get up again—he had finally died of 
hunger. Then a special brigade would drive up, collect the 
согрзез into a truck, frequently including persons still alive 
but lacking the strenght to resist, and take them to a 
pit which had been prepared for them some distance from the 
station, 

I stayed only seven days in Pushcha Vodytsya—I couldn't 
stomach any more of it. Almost every day I would wander 
through the streets of Kiev, noting what was going on. 

The city was teeming with villagers who had come from 
their foodless villages, making their way to Kiev by every 
means in their power in order to try to get bread for them- 
selves and their hungry families. But even the citizens and 
workers of Kiev found it almost impossible to obtain food. 
Lines of 2,000 or 2,500 people would be lined up at every shop, 
sometimes waiting for several days, because the shops would 
run out of merchandise. They even spent the night in the lines, 
although this was strictly forbidden. 

More than once I saw mounted militia dispersing the "un- 
lawful" lines, riding into the groups of people and belabouring 
them with knouts. After each "dispersal" several dead would 
be left behind. But no sooner had the militia disappeared than, 
very cautiously, the lines would begin to form again. The many 


628 


corpses which followed each such “dispersal” were left to lie 
in untidy heaps until nine o'clock the following morning, when 
they were gathered up by special trucks and taken outside the 
city. 

One day I went to the Lukyaniwska prison to find out 
if my father was still being held there. I couldn't find out a 
thing. But while I was standing at the entrance gates I saw 
several empty trucks go in and after a while come out again, 
loaded to the brim with something that was covered over with 
tarpaulins. Under my breath I asked a chap standing near-by 
if they were carrying out the sick, but he replied, likewise un- 
der his breath, that those were the corpses of prisoners who 
had died of starvation. Right after that my informant prompt- 
ly vanished. 

After I left Pushcha Vodytsya I went to my native village, 
where I spent four days and witnessed the same thing: famine 
and corpses of the famished everywhere. With that I returned 
to Donbas. You could not get food at any price at any of 
the stations along the way, but at every station there were 
corpses, and more corpses. 

I still had a fortnight’s vacation left when I returned to 
the Donbas. I met some Russian fellow-workers who were ac- 
quaintances of mine. They were having their vacations at the 
same time and suggested that I go with them to visit their 
native village. I came out with the remark, that, like as not, there 
was a famine there, too, but they assured me there was none, 
and showed me their letters from home. I agreed to go with 
them. Once again, I was passing through Ukrainian territory 
and observing the familiar scenes of famine. But no sooner had 
we crossed over to Russian territory than everything changed. 
Life was proceeding in a normal fashion. There was not the 
faintest trace of any famine on the way to my friend’s village, 
which was about 25 kilometres from Tula. I could have bought 
all kinds of food at the stations. At the collective farm in their 
village, likewise, there was not a single sign of famine. The 
young people enjoyed themselves after their day’s work was 
done. They held parties in the evenings. 

One evening I went outdoors, strolled up to the neigh- 
bouring house and had a smoke with the owner, a middle-aged 
man. We fell to talking. I described the terrible famine reign- 
ing in Ukraine at the moment, especially in the provinces of 
Kiev and Zhitomir, where I had personally seen it with my 


629 


own eyes. The good man gave me an astonished look, then an 
expression of plain disblief crossed his face. He thought I was 
pulling his leg. Suddenly he began to laugh hard. “На!На! 
На!” he exclaimed through his laughter, "The khokhly are 
dying of hunger?" 


PANAS SKIRDA 


THERE WAS AN ABUNDANCE OF UKRAINIAN 
BREAD IN RUSSIA 


In May I was sent to Russia for grain by one of the artels 
from Yahotyn in the Poltava region. 

I could not buy anything to eat, even when I offered to 
pay well, at any of the railway stations we passed through in 
Ukraine, all the way from Kiev to the settlement of Mikhay- 
liwsk on the border of Ukraine and Russia. But once we crossed 
the border into Russian territory more and more food became 
available. In Moscow there was an abundance of everything 
and it was cheap. 

There was plenty of food in the town of Kashino, about 
270 kilometres from Moscow, where I went to get the grain 
for my artel. A "pud" (16 kilograms) of rye cost 3.50 roubles 
ata time when in Yahotyn, right in the heart of the grain- 
growing area of Poltava it cost 350 roubles. So Ukrainian grain 
was ten times cheaper in Russia than it was in Ukraine. 

The people of Kashino sowed and raised flax and hemp 
only; their milling grain was imported from Ukraine. 

There was an abundance of Ukrainian grain in Russia at 
the time, although Ukraine itself was undergoing a raging 
famine. So that if anyone tells me there was a famine in Rus- 
sia, too, in 1932-33, it is as if he were twisting a dagger in my 
heart, because it is a terrible lie. 

Stalin's regime has never decimated the Russian popula- 
tion by famine even a fraction of the extent to which it de- 
cimated the Ukrainian population. 


630 


CHAPTER VII 


INTERRING THE VICTIMS OF FAMINE 


The burials of the corpses of the people who had died of 
hunger were in themselves harrowing scenes. In the fall of 
1932, when these deaths from starvation were still single oc- 
currences in isolated families, the relatives ог the neighbours 
of the deceased endeavourd to inter them in the graveyards, 
according to Christian custom, at least to the extent of burying 
them separately in line with the other graves, and heaping lit- 
tle mounds of earth over the graves to mark them. But later, 
in the winter and particularly in the spring of 1933, when none 
of the family survived, or when the relatives, И still living, were 
too feeble to bury their dead, the corpses remained lying where 
they fell, inside the houses and out in the yards, and sometimes, 
in the streets, and roads. They lay there for long periods of 
time, sometimes for days and weeks on end; they poisoned the 
air around them in their state of decomposition. At last they 
were buried in root cellars which in happier deys had held po- 
tatoes and beets, or in cellars adjacent to houses, and there 
were even instances where they were thrown into wells. At 
times they were laid in the ditches bordering the streets and 
roads, and merely covered over with earth. 

The villages then wore the aspect of battlegrounds follow- 
ing an attack. But it was not an army corps who buried the dead, 
it was ordinary collective farm brigades, the "burial brigades,” 
was ordinary collective farm brigades, the “burial brigades,” 
who did it in much the same manner in which one would bury 
a domestic animal. 

Such burial brigades, which were provided by the collective 
farms in the country and by the councils in the cities, were suf- 
ficiently devoid of human attributes frequently t obury peo- 
ple still living along with the dead. There were many instances 
of such "living corpses" who had already been thrown into 
graves coming to "life" again and later working on the collec- 
tive farms or in other Soviet establishments. 


631 


NATALKA ZOLOTAREVICH 


SOCIALISM IN PRACTICE 


A small group of us were seized at the market-place and 
pressed into the job of digging pits for the dead under the sur- 
veillance of the village activists. These pits were deep, being 
intended to hold 20 or 30 persons. When we arrived in the 
morning at the graveyard where we had been sent by the Chor- 
noukhy district militia, there were already large heaps of 
corpses awaiting internment. 

There were men and women among them, but the great- 
est number by far were children. Some of the corpses were 
wrapped in winding-sheets, but the majority wore the cloth- 
ing in which death had overtaken them. А putrid stench issued 
from the pile of corpses because the people had died some time 
before and their bodies were begining to decompose. 

They were bringing the dead into the graveyard in wag- 
ons, then carrying them on ladders improvised as stretchers. 
If a pit were ready, they would throw them in at once; if the 
pit were not yet dug,, they heaped them up in piles. 

After we had finished digging out the pit we were ordered to 
throw the corpses into it. I noticed as I was carrying out this 
harrowing task that some of the corpses had their eyes pecked 
out. This was the work of flocks of carrion crows (vultures) 
which at the time hovered in the air over the villages having a 
fine feast. The representative of the village soviet was present 
and wrote down the names of all deceased persons if he hap- 
pened to know who they were. 

When all the corpses had been placed in the pit. Samiylo 
Zozulya, the head of the village soviet of Chornoukhy rode up 
to us on horseback. Without bothering to dismount, he glanced 
into the pit and ordered that it be left uncovered as it was not 
quite full. The pit was to be filled with fresh corpses. Then this 
Samiylo Zozulya, this communist, turned to us and pointing to 
the pit with his riding-whip said, “They wouldn't work on the 
collective farms. But they've had a little taste of socialism in 
practice.” I wonder—did this party henchman realize just what 
he in his evil sarcasm had uttered? For he spoke a profound 
truth about Stalin's socialism as it was and is being practiced... 


632 


FORCED TO DIG 


The collective farms assigned their strongest people, those 
who had a modicum of capacity for work left, to the burial bri- 
gades in that year of 1933. But their number always decreased 
as time wore on. The authorities began to resort to other meas- 
ures. They started to raid the market-places, and if they seized 
a person who was still capable to do so, they would force him 
to dig pits at the graveyard for several days, even if he were a 
stranger in the village. They kept such people under close guard. 

Oleksander Denisenko was seized in the market place in 
that fashion. He was a worker from Murmansk who had come 
1o Chornoukhy to visit his mother, Maria Nikiforiwna Deni- 
senko. А thorough search of his mother's house was made at the 
same time, and the 20 pickled herrings which he had brought 
her from Murmansk and a little bag of beans were confiscated. 

Oleksander Denisenko had to dig pits for several days 
before he managed to escape. He hid in my house for a little 
while, and later went back to Murmansk. 


DRAGGING THEIR FATHER TO THE PIT 


The burial brigade very often did not show up right away 
to take the dead to the graveyard. It happened sometimes that 
the deceased had to lie sevral days in the house, and his body 
began to decompose and stink. When that happened, the rel- 
atives tried to get him buried on their own. 

Once in the spring of 1933, I saw Pavlo Bondar's two 
daughters dragging their father, who had died of starvation, 
in a little wagon from the Andreysky corner of Chornoukhy 
to the graveyard. Pawlo had been a tall man, while the wagon 
in which he was being pulled was a very small one. Pavlo's 
torso lay in the wagon, but his long legs dragged on the ground 
so that a small cloud of dust was raised by his heels all the 
way. 

Р. з. 


HARVESTING CORPSES INSTEAD OF CROPS 


In July of 1933, I, along with many others, was conscript- 
ed into the "auxiliary forces" of the Red Army, and taken to 


633 


Berdyansk. In Berdyansk they assigned us to Machine Tractor 
Stations, to harvest the crops, four men to each machine, but 
many of us were also sent to bring in the grain harvest in the 
villages, since there was no one left there to do it, everyone 
having died of starvation. 

When we arrived there, it was not the crops but the corpses 
that we gathered up throughout the villages. These corpses had 
been thrown into cellars that had been only slightly filled with 
earth and they really stank. With four men to lift each one up 
on pitchforks, we managed to pull all the corpses out of the cel- 
lars. We threw them all on to the back of a truck and buried 
them in the fields a good distance away from the village. 

I recall that we found an elderly half-dead man in the 
store-room of one of these houses. We brought this man to the 
Machine-Tractor Station and there slowly nursed him back 
to health. His given name was Mykola, but I have forgotten 
His surname. 

Before my mobilization I passed through the station of 
Sumy. Both at the station itself and all around it, there were 
a great many people lying about. Some swollen with hunger, 
and others already dead. No one came to the rescue of these 
people. Those who lived wandered aimlessly about, stepping 
over the corpses, and in the end the same fate overtook them. 
But in the fields just outside of биту here were two large heaps 
of grain, one of rye and one of millet, lying under the open sky. 
There was a strong guard around the piles which would not 
let anyone approach them. 


M. DIDENKO 


MYSTERIOUS TRAINS LOADED WITH CORPSES 


During one special period in the spring of 1933, almost 
every day at daybreak there were two mysterious trains of 
emply freight cars leaving Kawkazska in the Northern Caucasus 
fcr Mineralni Vody and Rostov. Each tra'n consisted of from 
five to ten cars. They would return two to four hours later, 
be retained for some time at a remote, unfrequented siding and 
later be shunted up an unimportant branch line to an abandon- 
ed gravel pit. When they arrived at the station at Kawkazska 
and while they were standing at the siding, the cars which were 
loaded with some kind of freight, were hermetically sealed and 
had a guard of NKVD around them. 


634 


At first hardly anyone paid any attention to these mysteri- 
ous rains. I was a student taking my practical work there at 
the time and I paid no attention to them either. 

But once a conductor of that train, a communist, who 
trusted те, quietly called me aside, led me up to the train and 
said, "I want to show you what is in these cars." He slid the 
door open a crack in one of them. I very nearly fainted when I 
peered inside. The car was filled with corpses obviously dead 
from starvation. Later, the conductor related the following: 

The stationmaster had received a secret order that two 
trains of empty freight cars should stand in readiness every day 
before daybreak at the disposal of the local railway NVKD. 
The NKVD would provide the crew, the engineer and conduc- 
tors. These trains were departing to pick up the corpses of 
famine victims that had been brought to the railway stations 
from the surrounding villages and settlements by truck. The 
trucks, under the supervision of the NKVD, would collect all 
corpses at those villages and settlements during the night. 
Frequently people who were still alive could be found among 
the dead; they finally expired in the freight cars. The corpses 
were buried in mass graves beyond the gravel pit along the un- 
frequented railway line. The vicinity of the gravel pit was like- 
wise guarded by the NKVD. Local residents were not allowed 
in there. 

Later, near the station of Tikhoretska I saw one of those 
settlements which had been completely depopulated by the fam- 
ine, Where there had been close to 300 dwellings formerly 
there was not a soul now; all the houses had collapsed and the 
streets were choked with weeds. 


F. PRAVOBEREZHNY 
QUANDARY! 


Every day in the spring of 1933 trucks and horse-drawn 
vans could be observed on the streets of Kiev collecting the 
corpses of the villagers who had died overnight. One morning, 
as I was hurrying to work, I chanced upon the corpse of a young 
peasant woman lying on the corner of Lviwska Street where 
it adjoined the Simy market-place. 

She was lying face-up wide-staring eyes and her baby was 
crawling over her clutching at her breast with its little hands. 
The driver of the van who collected the bodies stood helpless- 
ly ovr the woman wondering what he should do. The dead moth- 


635 


er could be thrown into the wagon, but what was he to do 
with the living baby? Throw it into the wagon, too? 

In the extremity of their despair mothers would bring their 
infant babes and even their somewhat older children to the 
towns and abandon them on the doorsteps of shelters, hospitals 
or simply of kind-hearted persons who would take them in 
and save them from the famine. 

After she had put her child in some doorway, a mother 
would often spend hours lingering somewhere around the cor- 
ner, afraid lest something evil befall it, waiting until it was 
discovered. Sometimes these mothers were caught at the scene 
cf their "crime" and their children were returned to them. 

I knew many mothers who went from one institution to 
another, in the years of 1934 to 1938, inquiring what had been 
done with the children who had been abandoned there in 1933. 
There was many a tear shed by mothers who failed to come 
across any trace of her children. 


L. PYLYPENKO 


PEOPLE DUMPED LIKE GARBAGE DOWN 
A PRECIPICE 


There was a soviet state farm in the village of Stare, in 
the Borishpilsk district of the region of Kiev. About 20 persons 
who were swollen and unable to walk anymore, let along work, 
were, in the spring of 1933, collected together at the farm com- 
munity living quarters by order of the farm party organization. 
All these people were transported by truck through the village 
of Rohoziw, and dumped down a precipice named Hlyboka Do- 
lyna, located about five kilometres beyond Rohoziw. There 
they perished under the open sky, since all were incapable of 
walking. 


У. NESHCHADYMENKO 


BURIED ALIVE ON ACCOUNT OF TWO 
KILOGRAMS OF MEAL 


This happened in the spring of 1933, and concerning Musiy 
Tsyura, nicknamed "Rabbit," from the village of Domantiw in 
the region of Poltava. He with his 11year old son went fishing 
in a boat on the fiver to catch samething for his starving family, 
which consisted of his wife, three children and an 80 year old 


636 


father. Musiy rowed to a spot 2 kilometres away from the vil- 
lage where the fish bit better. 

But the big fish did not bite at all that day. He and his son 
had already eaten the few small fish that they had caught at the 
start. He had expected to catch more by evening, but they had 
no luck at all, In the evening Musiy and the boy, hungry and 
cold, started for home. They used up all their strength when 
they were only half-way home, and Musiy lay down in the boat, 
sending the boy on to fetch his mother so that she could take 
him and the boat home. 

Half an hour later, Musiy's wife arrived and began to call to 
him, but Musiy was delirious with fatigue and hunger and only 
kept mumbling incoherently. His wife decided that in any event 
he would die after she brought him home, and ail things be- 
ing equal, it would be more expedient to bring him closer to the 
collective farm at one grave 2 kilograms of meal to the family of 
every man who died. At the collective farm it was confirmed that 
Musiy had been seen lying stretched out in the boat, and had 
since died; so they issued his wife the 2 kilograms of meal and 
she ran home forthwith to bake "mandriki" from it for her 
hungry family. 

The burial brigade from the collective farm immediately 
set out to fetch Musiy and started to put him in the death-van 
to take fiim to the graveyard where they had a pit large enough 
to accomodate 15 persons. However, Musiy was still breath- 
ing. 

"Where shall we take him? To the pit, or home?" the 
members of the brigade asked each other. "What do you mean, 
where? To the pit, of course. If we take him home he'll die 
there anyway and tomorrow we'll have to take him to the pit 
all over again." So they took Musiy who was still alive, to the 
cemetery and tossed him into the pit. 

Musiy regained consciousness in the sheltered warmth of 
the pit and crawled to one corner, apparently trying to climb 
out. But he did not have the strength and had to stay there. 

Next morning some people were passing by on their way 
to the mill to grind some grain substitutes such as acorns, corn 
cobs, etc., which they used to bake “mandriki.” One of these 
Suprun Zakharko, visited the cemetery out of curiosity to see 
who had recently died. He looked into the pit and saw only 
Musiy, the "Rabbit," sitting up in it. So when Zakharko reach- 
ed the mill he said, "I went to the cemetery to see who was 


637 


newly-dead, and guess what—there, in a corner of the pit, was 
only a "Rabbit" sitting up, with his head drooping.” 

Some of the people at the mill thought that there really 
was a rabbit there, and grabbing a cudgel hurried to the ceme- 
tery to kill it, so that they could make soup of it, but of course 
they had been hoaxed. They came back to the mill swearing at 
Zakharko for not explaining to them what species of “rabbit” 
had been sitting in the pit. 

An hour later the burial brigade brought nine corpses and 
tossed them in on top of Musiy, who was still alive. 

Musiy's son lay for two whole days beside the collective 
farm granary imploring them to give him something to eat, and 
within a week or so Musiy's entire family had succumed to the 
famine. 


YAKIW MASLIVETS 
THEY THREW THE LIVING IN WITH THE DEAD 


In Kharkiw, one May morning in 1933, a truck was collect- 
ing the corpses of famine victims which were lying about in 
the street. There were already six bodies on the truck as it 
Drove up to the Kholodno-Horsky market-place. They proceed- 
ed to load on another man, a villager about 45 years of age, 
who was still alive. This man began to beseech them in a voice 
full of anguish not to take him. 

“Why, I'm completely well . . . I'll just rest up a bit and 
go away myself,” pleaded the man. The two workmen ex- 
changed glances, tossed him into the truck, and began to pile 
corpses on top of him. 

About 4 or 5 days following this incident there was a meet- 
ing at the plant where I worked, at which the Party Organizer, 
Stefan Polozov, exhorted the workers not to pay any attention 
to the people dying in the city, because they were kurkuls 
who were coming from the villages to Kharkiw and dying there 
in the streets in order to incite the workers against the Soviet 
Government... 


PAWLO KORYTSKY 


OUR KIN PERISHED AT THE HANDS OF 
THE GENOCIDISTS 


Ten families were all related. There were six families on 
my father's side and four on my mother's. Each family had four 


638 


to eight children and there were also two to four grandchildren 
10 each family. At the time of the communist genocide in the 
Ukraine, our kin was almost totally destroyed; some families 
were sent to district of farced settlement in the forest; ohers 
were thrown out of their homes during the introduction of col- 
lectivization and left without an ymeans and rights for ex- 
istence; still others died out of hunger in the years of 1932-33. 
Only a few individuals of the younger generation saved them- 
selves by fleeing from home and hiding their so-called "alien" 
family background. 

The family was liquidated in 1931 at the time of total col- 
lectivization in our district; my father, my step-mother my 
sister, aged 13, my brother, aged 14,-were transperred to settle- 
in the lumber districts in Viatka Region in Rusia, the other 
side of the Urals. I saved myself by going earlier to the in- 
dustrial centre of our district where I concealed my social 
origin. My own mother died of typus in the epidemic of 1921. 

Most of the family of father's sister, Varka, died in the 
spring of 1933 of hunger. Father's sister Varka, her husband 
Philip, the older son Stepan, his wife, two of the younger adult 
sons died. Two little children who were lucky to get refuge at 
the kolhosp, in the so-called "children's orphanage remained 
alive. 

The family of my father's sister Mary all died from hunger 
in the spring of 1933. Died of famine: Mari herself, her husband 
Pawlo, her son Vasil, his wife adn their two small children. 
The older son committed suicide. He hanged himself. Only the 
youngest son saved himself, fleeing to the Far East, somewhere 
around Vladivostok. 

Thes family of the father's sister Kilina was broken at the 
time of introduction of collectivization, it was de-kurkuliz- 
ed. The two older sons looked after the household. Father's 
sister Kilina and her husband Lavrenti died during the typhus 
epidemic in 1921. 

The family of father's sister Hanna was liquidated in the 
collectivization. Hanna's husband Sergi was de-kurkulized 
and sent somewhere to Transbaikal region to a concentration 
camp for forced labor. The family itself was dekurkulized, 
too, and thrown out of their home. Two minor children re- 
mained with their mother, illegally, living among the people. 

The family of father's brother was broken up in the days 


639 


of the civil war. The brother emigrated in 1920 and is in the 
U.S.A. at the present time. 

The family of mother’s sister, Olena, was broken up by 
collectivization, She was de-kurkulized and told to leave 
her house. Her husband, Mikita, died in the typus epidemic of 
1921. She remained with the children in her district illegally, 
hding, almost until the start of the war of 1941. 

The family of mothre's brother, Yakiv, was broken up dur- 
ing collectivization and thrown out of their house. His wife 
remained with the children illegally and he ran away to the 
Donbas region to save himself from the forced labor in the 
concentration camp. 

The family of mother's brother, Ivan, was destroped dur- 
ing the civil war. Ivan, his wife and his six-month-old daughter 
were shot by a bolshevik detachment. Two little daughters re- 
mained orphans and grew up among people unrelated to them. 

The family of mother's sister, Oksana, suffered the least, 
for her husband, Mykola, was a “poor” peasant. He received 
permission to join kolhosp after the first de-kurkuli- 
zation when they took his horse and his outfit from him. 

This is the short history of decline of our kin through hands 
of the criminal communist genocidists in the Ukraine. I do not 
indicate either the place or the family name as I do not wish 
to bring ruin on those of our kin who remain alive.. I have 
signed this note with an assumed name. 

More definite details were submitted by me under my 
real name to the attention of the U.S.A. Congressional Com- 
mision under Kersten. There will be a time when we will be 
able to name all those murdered by the communists. Now I 
submit the names only so far as the situation allows so that 
the names of my loved ones will not be lost. 


VIRA P-KO 


IT HAPPENED IN 1933 


This never-to-be forgotten spring brought with it famine 
and death to the Ukrainian people: a famine and death for 
which the spring itself was not to blame. I was then complet- 
ing my course in zootechnics at the technical school on the 
Tallynasok State Farm, located in the rich black earth district 
of Babanka. 


640 


There was nothing glamourous about my outward ap- 
pearance, not that of my fellow-students. We all looked pre- 
maturely aged, due to the combination of studies, inordinate 
labor in the fields and a starvation diet. Our worn clothing, 
sad, haggard faces and ever-seeking eyes gave us the look of 
people in search of death, rather than life. 

Our studies consisted merely of compulsory attendance 
at lectures, for the heavy labor in the fields, together with our 
constant hunger, undermined us both physically and mental- 
ly, while the thought of bread dominated all others and dogged 
us day and night. 

Our work quotas were extraordinarily heavy, neither ill- 
ness nor feebleness being recognized by our director as valid 
excuses for failure to fulfill them; the constant threat of Siberia 
for “saboteurs” and “traitors” who did not fulfill the quota, 
like a huge extracting machine, squeezed out the very dregs 
of our strength. Sometimes in the evenings music would wail, 
for of course the Soviet student must needs have some cultural 
recreation, but who of those famished, exhausted students wish- 
ed to dance? However, even the famished had to shuffle their 
feet at times in order to prove that life had become “better” 
and "happier," and to insure themselves from the Party's evil 
eye, so that they could safely complete the zootechnics course. 

At length the long-awaited day of graduation arrived. To 
our surprise, the faculty council of the technical school arranged 
scme commencement exercises for us. Each one of us array- 
ed himself in his better rags; each looked forward to some 
new position in the zootechnics field; each hoped that he would 
escape from the clutches of the accursed famine. Our spirits 
rose, even a touch of humor appeared among those awaiting 
the distribution of diplomas, when suddenly Director Tuz ap- 
peared on the stage and announced, "In accordance with the 
resolution of the Central Committee of the Party all the stu- 
dents are being sent out for two months to bridge the gap in 
the harvesting campaign . . . The granting of diplomas will 
take place after the completion of the above-mentioned task." 

Then began the most difficult time of our students days. 
It is with great sorrow that I recall this harrowing period of 
famine in the Ukraine. 

On the farm to which we were sent there had been quite 
a number of workers, but only a third of thern were still alive. 
The following was a daily occurrence: In the morning, bullock 


641 


carts full of yet-living people were transported to work. Some 
were so dried up, only the eyes glittered as a sign of life; their 
arms were skinny and long, their legs likewise, their noses 
protruded, their clothing was tattered, they were unkempt, un- 
washed, the men unshaven, their eyes avid with hunger. Oth- 
ers were distended, their arms and legs like logs, their bellies 
huge; their legs were particularly horrible. When they moved 
them the skin cracked, a fluid seeped out, the sunlight caused 
festering sores to forrn, on which flies alighted and soon larvae 
developed. 

So they proceeded, transporting both the lean and the 
swollen to work, and in the evening the bullock-carts would 
collect two-thirds of them from the fields and take them to 
the previously-prepared "fraternal" graves; sometimes even 
those still living were picked up and buried. It was rare for 
members of the family to come to claim their dead; they, too, 
were deep in the clutches of starvation. 

Like hungry wolves lying in wait for their prey, the work- 
ers of the State Farm lay in wait for the assorted kitchen re- 
fuse which was thrown or poured out beside the students" 
mess, and indeed, there was not much to be thrown out, ex- 
cept potatoes or beet peelings or some smelly bone. They pre- 
cipitated themselves in a heap at these leavings, retrieving 
them from the pit, in which everything was in a state of decay 
and larvae flourished. The poor hungry people, having lost 
all feelings of disgust, ate all that they could lay their hands 
on and died of stomach ailments in the bushes close by. 

Once I happened to be a witness of such a ghastly, un- 
heard-of occurrence. Not far from the students' quarters lay 
the latrine. After lectures, during our dinner-hour, my friends 
and I often used to see someone who always, in the greatest 
heat of the summer day, used to wander in that filth, seeking 
somethiag and putting it in his mouth. What could he possibly 
find there, we often wondered? A feeling of dread and harror 
assailed us. How could we prevent this abomination? Even 
though we ourselves had nothing to spare, receiving, on the 
completion of our quotas, 200-300 grams of incompletely-baked 
bread, we resolved to save this individual. 

We approached in a group and observed the following: 
Out of the human offal the man was picking cherry stones, ap- 
ple and pear seeds, and other such things which became visible 
after the sun dried out the vile stuff in which they were em- 


642 


bedded. We were seized by an unheard-of horror. How should 
we approach this person, who was perhaps, mentally deranged? 
He might attack us. A burning pain enveloped us, our hands 
and feet trembled, ants crawled up and down our spines. Then 
one of the boldest, Larissa M—h approached to a certain dis- 
tance and shouted, "Come to us. We have bread! The figure 
straightened out and began to flee but our group blocked the 
way. The man halted. It is difficult to describe that frenzied 
expression in his eyes which gazed with complete sanity out of 
the skeleton-features. 

Without questioning him at all, we put down the pieces 
of dry bread which we had earlier prepared for him, and shout- 
ed to him to come again to this place at the same time the next 
day. We did not expect to see him the following day, for we 
doubted whether he had understood us, but he did come, we 
again gave him some bread and some clothing, having made 
a ccilection arnong the students. On leaving him we told him 
to wash and put on the clean clothing. We were curious to 
know whether the man had understood us and whether he 
would obey. On the third day we were all there again. А shock- 
ing scene ensued. This time we approached closer with the 
bread. Before us stood a clean young person, who, even in that 
old clothing, looked almost normal. Gently swaying with ex- 
haustion, he approached us, stretching out his hand toward 
the bread when suddenly he swayed backwards, his large pro- 
truding eyes assumed a frightfully death-like appearance, he 
fell backwards and died in a convulsive fit. 

Later we discovered that this was Vasil Kuchma from the 
village of Babanka, whose starving wife had killed and eate 
their five-year-old daughter. He had been working at the State 
Farm, saving every last crumb and bringing it home to save 
his beloved daughter from a hungry death. Heavy labor and 
hunger compelled him to seek additional means of subsistence. 
He went out into the harvested fields to glean ears of grain 
and was arrested the next day, but, strangely enough, was not 
sentenced. They kept him in prison for a week, beat him, then 
set him free. It was obvious that his end was near. 

After returning from prison he noticed that his little Marika 
was not at home. He asked his wife where she was. The wife 
replied that she had taken her to her mother's at Talne, in the 
hope that she might escape starvation there. He believed her 
and was glad that his daughter would be safe. He sustained 


643 


himself by cooking chaff, burdocks, and other weeds. However, 
uncertain thoughts tormented him. Was Marika really at his 
wife's mother's? Or was she elsewhere? Sometimes, on return- 
ing home with some sort of food for himself and wife he smell- 
ed the odor of meat. He searched, but found nothing. However, 
once when he came home he discoverd a horrifying sight. In 
the middle of the floor lay his deranged wife, dead, tightly 
clasping the severed head of her child. He crossed the threshold 
and collapsed. He was found, still alive by some people. In a 
confused state he left his home, whereupon the fate already 
known to the reader overtook him. 

It might also be in order to mention here certain facts con- 
cerning the students. Twenty-five of them died at this time, 
unable to bear the hunger and excessively hard labor. 


IVAN KLYMKO 
PLEASE DON'T BURY ME—I'M STILL ALIVE 


In the vicinity of Resheteliwka station during the spring 
of 1933 there were always many corpses of people who had 
tried to go somewhere else and escape the famine, but who 
failed to reach the station and expired along the way. Special 
workers under the supervision of the GPU would travel along 
the railway tracks in hand-cars, removing these corpses to the 
pits which were dug near the signal-arm (in the direction of 
Poltava). The pits were dug in the form of trenches 10 to 12 
metres long and 2 metres deep. Аз soon as one trench was 
filled with bodies and covered with earch, a fresh one was dug. 
No one knows how many trenches there were, nor how many 
people were buried in them. 

One day some railway station employees, Ivan Luchko, 
Sanko Luchko, Hrytsko Chapra and others happened to pick 
up Ivan Hayduk, a once-prosperous villager from the Bay- 
dakiw settlement. He was still alive when they reached the pit. 

"Don't throw me the pit — I'm still alive!" Ivan en- 
treated. 

On throw him in and let him finish there. It's not likely 
he'll live, anyway," said Ivan Luchko, one of the brigade. 

But the others took pity on Hayduk; instead of tossing 
him in they left him to breathe his last beside the trench. 


644 


Two hours later I passed the trench on my way home, 
and there was no one there, neither the workers nor Ivan Hay- 
duk. 

(From D. Solowey's Along the Paths to Golgotha [in Ukrainian. 


MARYNA ZAVHORODNYA 


I'M STILL ALIVE — I'M HUNGRY! 


The collective farm named in honor of Molotov in the vil- 
lage of Parkhomiwtsi, in the Krasnokutsky district of the region 
of Kharkiw assigned a wagon and two men, in the spring of 
1933, to the job of driving from dwelling to dwelling to pick 
up the dead and transport them to a mass grave in the cemetery. 

When they came to Pylyp Koval's house they found Pylyp 
lying in the inglenook, slowly wasting away with hunger. They 
took him for dead and had begun to lift him from the ingle- 
nook when he turned to them and begged them to help him, 
saying, “I’m still alive . . . I'm hungry." 

"You'll die all the same, and we don't want to come for 
you a second time,” replied one of the burial crew. And so they 
lifted Phylyp from his inglenook, placed him on the wagon and 
in an hour's time had him in the grave. 

Phylyp Koval dragged himself out of the grave and man- 
aged to crawl home. In the morning the neighbours brought him 
some baked beet to eat. He recovered his strength later, and 
lived. He worked on that same collective farm, the "Molotov," 
right up to the Second World War. 


ANDRIY MELEZHYK 
STRATON'S RESURRECTION 


Straton Klimkovich Senik was 48 years of age and had a 
wife and three children aged nine, six, and one. Prior to collecti- 
vization he owned 9 hectares of land and was regarded as a 
middle peasant. His wife Yelysoveta and the children died in 
the famine in April, 1933. I happened to witness the harrowing 
death scene. 

I realized that I had not seen my neighbors up and about 
for several days, and decided to call on them. There I saw the 
following scene: Yalysoveta lay dead on the raised wooded plat- 
form along the stove-bed with all three children, also dead, be- 


645 


side her, the youngest at its mother's breast. 

When I walked in, Straton asked in a low voice, "Who's 
come in?" He was lying in the inglenook all swollen; he colld 
neither see nor recognice rne, but he could hear my footsteps. 

"It's your good friend Andriy,” I replied. 

"Are my wife and children still living?" Straton asked. 

"No, they are dead," I returned. 

Next, he entreated me to take some of the finer articles 
from his chest to the co-operative store and exchange them 
for whiskey. (In the village co-operative store at that time 
there was nothing for sale except whiskey and tooth-powder.) 

In the interval in which I exchanged his wife's rep skirt for 
a litre of whiskey the special brigade from the collective farm 
had come and gone, removing all the dead from the house. 
When I returned from the co-operative I gave Straton just 
half the whiskey and two “motorzheniki” (round cakes baked 
Írom a mixture of dried leaves and buckwheat chaff). At his 
request I also brought him a leafy little branch from a young 
pear tree in his orchard- I saved the rest of the whiskey, afraid 
that Straton might die if he took the whole litre at a time. 

The next day my wife Varka brought Straton the other 
half-litre of whiskey and a few “motorzheniki.” I went to visit 
him after dinner, but did not find him in the house—the brigade 
had taken him for dead and removed him to the graveyard. 

But the third day it was learned that Straton was still 
alive. He crawled to the collective farm brigade's quarters all 
by himself. There he recounted how he had preserved his life. 
When the brigade had removed him from the house he was 
actually debilitated through hunger and drunk on whiskey. At 
the graveyard, when the brigade unloaded the corpses into the 
grave he happened to land on top. They did not cover the grave 
with earth because it was not yet quite full. They dug the grav- 
es not deeper than one meter and tossed the corpses into them 
uncoffined, wearing whatever they had on when they died. 

Stratón's skin cracked with cold in the night, and the sub- 
cutaneous fluid which caused his swelling drained away. Stra- 
ton regained consciousness and realized that he had already 
been buried. Summoning all his energy he crawled out of the 
grave and dragged himself into the fields, where he remained 
for three days, nourishing himself on various grasses and roots. 
Then he crawled to the brigade's quarters. 

He caused the village soviet of Bilousiwka a great deal of 











646 


inconvience by his resurrection because they had entered him 
in the register of vital statistics as having died of "catastrophic 
calamity.” 

Straton survived. It was spring and he could find an abun- 
dance of vegetation and roots to eat. Some time later he left the 
village of Bilousiwka and went to Moscow where he got a job 
as a janitor at one of the student residences. 


647 


CHAPTER УШ 


CANNIBALISM 


Cannibalism and the practice of eating corpses, the phe- 
nomena of a psychologically abnormal condition, cropped up 
among the starving villagers as a result of the farnine, since an 
extraordinarily acute scarcity of food causes the human being 
completely to lose the psychological attributes of the normal 
state and transforms him into a sub-human being with an ata- 
vistically-emphasized biological or animal instict for devouring 
its own kind in the struggle for existence. 

The facts prove that such phenomena as these occurred in 
the majority of the villages throughout almost the whole of 
the famine-stricken Ukraine; there were virtually hundreds of 
these cases. The facts likewise prove that this “biological 
atavism,” or the eating of one's own kind in times of dearth, 
appeared to be in full conformity with the “natural law,” in that 
it was the females who, in the majority of casse, ate their mates 
and offsprings. 

In the abnormal state of affairs that then existed by reason 
of the government's complete detachment towards its starving 
people, the phenomena of the most heinous of all crimes, that 
of murder, in order to traffic in human flesh for the sake of gain, 
had every opportunity of flourishing. 

In the majority of case, the "cannibals" were persons who 
were no longer normal psychologically, and who eventually 
likewise succumbed to the famine, or else were punished local- 
ly by being put ог: shot to death. (We аге not acquainted with 
the Soviet legislation covering these cases.) Only in those in- 
stances in which the government singled out such “cannibals” 
and sent them to concentration camps, where they received 
more or less normal nourishment, did these hapless people in 
time return to a completely normal state, but there the govern- 
ment took unconscionable advantage of them, working them at 
the hardest labor until they were completely destroyed physical- 
ly. Instances of former “cannibals” returning to their native 
villagse from concentration camps were practically unheard-of. 





649 


APOLINARIYA KHALCHENKO 
HE COOKED HIS DEAD METHER'S HAND 

Maria Palamarchuck, a 42 year old widow, and her 12 year 
old son Serhi lived in the village of Parnysy in the Popelyansk 
district of the Kiev region. In the spring of 1933, and particular- 
ly in the month of June, many people died daily of starvation. 
No one paid any attention to the plight of his neighbours at that 
time, because death was a constant visitor in each home. 

Both Maria and her son were distended with hunger. They 
had no food at all, and there was nowhere they could obtain it; 
even if it had been available they would not have had the 
strength to fetch it. Maria died on the 18th of June. 

Only three days later, on the 21st, did the neighbours notice 
that there were no signs of life around Maria’s home. They en- 
tered her house and saw the following gruesome sight: Maria 
lay dead, with only a stump where her hand had been. The 
hand itself was boiling away in a small pot on the stove. Her 
son Serhiy had done this. 

"What are you doing Serhiy?" asked the neighbors. 

"I am hungry." replied the boy, who had reached a psycho- 
logically abnorrnal state. 

Two days later Serhiy, too, died of starvation. 

H. KVITKO 
"WE ATE FATHER" 

The Priymak family, consisting of father, mother, two 
older sons of 18 and 20 and a third son who was still quite young, 
lived in the village of Sulymiwka near Yahotyn. 

The mother died of hunger. Some time afterwards the older 
sons killed their father and ate him. The little boy revealed this 
deed to the neighbours when he boasted to them, "We're not 
scared of straving. We have plenty of meat. We killed father, 
now we have meat." 

P. ONUKHRIENKO 
HE ATE HIS WIFE 

In our village of Velyka Semeniwka which is in the Pe- 
trowski district of the region of Kharkiw a villager named Hre- 
benyuk went mad from hunger in the spring of 1933, hacked 
his wife to death, salted her flesh, and cooked it. The neigh- 
bours somehow found out about it and notified the "Red Рагт- 
er" collective farm and the village soviet. When the village 
soviet executive arrived they found some of the wife's salted 


650 


flesh in the cellar and some in a little earthenware pot in the 
oven. Hrebenyuk confessed to the executive that he had hack- 
ed his daughter to death at the same time as wife and hac 
already eaten her. 

They arrested Hrebenyuk, who was quite rnad, and locked 
him up in a cellar at the village soviet offices, which was used 
as a local jail. The next day, when they came to interrogate him 
further before sending him off to the district administration, 
they found him dead. 


THE CHILDREN ARE THERE—IN THE POT 


Nikifor Filimonovich Sviridenko, from the village of Khar- 
kiwtsi in the Pereyaslaw district was the son of poor people 
who did not own any land before the revolution. After the revo- 
lution Nikifor was given a piece of land, married his Natalka, 
and set up housekeeping. He had two small children. 

During the winter of 1932-33 the government, conducting 
its grain-garnering operations, relieved them of their last kernel 
of grain. Nikifor's relatives, like a great many other families, 
starved for some time and finally perished, 

In February, 1933, the neighbours noticed that for two or 
three days there had been no sign of life in Nikifor's dwelling. 
Accordingly, three neighbour-women entered the house through 
the unlocked door.On the mud floor they perceived Nikifor's 
corpse, while the dishevelled, hunger-distended Natalka lay in 
inglenook. No children were to be seen. 

The neighbours asked Natalka how she was feeling, and she 
answered, “I'm hungry. There's an iron pot in the porch. Bring 
it in. It has food in it.” 

One of the women went out to the porch and saw the little 
fingers of a child protruding from a small pot standing on the 
floor. She screamed in fright. Th eother woman came out, and 
removed the whole tiny hand from the whitish liquid in the 
pot. 

They began to question the woman, “Where are your chil- 
dren, Natalka?” 

“They’re in the porch,” replied Natalka, whose reason had 
been unbalanced by hunger. 

Nikifor and Natalka had murdered their children and eaten 
the first one, but had not yet begun on the second. Nikifor was 
dead, and Natalka was taken to jail after this, but she also died 
there three days later. 


651 


IVAN KLYMKO 


FIRST THEY ATE THEIR OWN FAMILY ... 


Hnat Zhadan who lived in the hamlet of Lukashenki in the 
Reshetiliwsky district of the region of Poltava was a collective 
farm worker. There were five persons in his family: he, his wife 
Motrya and their three sons, all small boys. In the winter of 
1932-33 we neighbours noticed that Hnat's little boys had vanish- 
ed, but they did not appear to have died and been buried. The 
neighbours, especially Nastya Klymko, began to watch the Zha- 
dan family suspiciously; Nastya always remarked "I'm afraid 
they may some day snatch my child and eat it.” 

One day Nastya noticed that Motrya had invited a strange 
woman to spend the night at her house. Another time Nastya 
and my wife remarked that Motrya had a moment before led 
some small boy into her house. The woman continued to watch 
the family. 

As soon as it became dark and the lights flashed on in the 
Zhadan house the women stole to the window and began to 
watch what was going on inside. The litlte boy was sitting on 
a low bench eating some kind of food that had been set before 
him. 

Suddenly a rope tied in a noose was slipped over his head 
from behind. The noose tightened and he was struck over the 
head with the back of an axe... The women realized that they 
were preparing to kill the boy and rushed to the collective farm. 

Some kind of meeting was going on there. They reported 
what they'd seen to the manager of the collective farm, Radion 
Demyanenko, the schoolteacher, and an unidentified representa- 
tive from the district party centre and he left the meeting un- 
observed and hastened to Hnat's house. I joined them. 

As they were approaching the house they met Hnat, who 
had gone out to fetch a pail of water. They compelled him to 
turn back and accompany them to his house and this is what 
they saw: 

There was a fire in the stove and on it, cup-up arms and 
legs of the little boy were cooking in iron pots. The boy's torso 
was in a tub under the bed while his head lay in a pile of dirt 
on the hearth. 

Both Hnat and Motrya Zhadan were arrested and locked 
up at the village soviet. The next day the investigating com- 
mittee disclosed that they had found а whole pile of human 





652 


bones and various articles of clothing in their cellar. In three 
or four days, Zhadans along with 10 or 12 other cannibals were 
loaded into a railway car at the Reshetiliwka station and taken 
to Kharkiw. 

(From D. Solovey's Along the Path to Golgotha [i Ukrainian]? 


PAVLO KOSHOVY 


SHE KILLED HER NINE-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER 


In the year 1933, there lived in the village of Velyko-Po- 
lovetske in the region of Kiev a poor widow by the name of 
Hapka Druzenko with her son Arsen and her two daughters 
Olya and Halya. Halya was only nine years old. Hapka's hus- 
band had previously died of starvation. The family, like all oth- 
ers, continued to starve. 

Arsen, more adroit than the others, departed for other 
points of the USSR to seek his fortune. The elder daughter 
Olya went to live with her grandfather in the village of Maze- 
pyntsi, some 5 kilometres from Velyko-Polovetske. Hapka was 
left alone with her daughter Halya. 

The neighbors noticed that Hapka's house remained shut 


Зе” от 








up for more than a day, and no one was seen around it. They 
Ъесате suspicious and decided to force an entry. 

When they came in the noticed drops of blood on the earth- 
en floor. There was no one in the house. They began to search 
the premises and on opening the oven discovered a child's hand, 
with the fingers intact, protruding from the pot. They took the 
pot out of the oven and saw the flesh of the nether parts of a 
child in it. 

About 50 people from the neighborhood gathered in and 
about the house. A militiaman arrived. They continued the 
search and discovered under the bench near the stove a sack 
containing the rest of the body and the head, by which they 
were able to recognize Halya's remains. 

News of this horrible deed spreal rapidly through the 
village. Still more people arrived from every part of the village. 

Hapka Druzenko, who had been absent all the while, now 
returned to her house. Every part of her body was distended and 
she could hardly drag one foot after the other. Although she 
saw throngs of people about her house she continued walking 
toward them at the same pace. The militiman approached her 
and began to question her . . . But Hapka did not answer а 
word. She collapsed to the ground, dead .. . 

This frightful scene, which I witnessed personally, I shall 
never forget as long as I live. 


V. STOYAN 
SHE BOTCHED THE JOB 


Yarina Halat, nicknamed “Munka” ("Sourpuss"), who 
lived in the Nyzke Staromisto section of the village of Horoshki 
in the district of Polonsky in the region of Vynnytsya, lost her 
husband in the famine that spring of 1933. Yarina was left with 
a two or three year old child. She was swollen with hunger 
and went mad with fear at the prospect of starving to death. 

Very early one morning, Yarina took a knife and started 
to cut the throat of her child, who was still sleeping. She botch- 
ed the job and the child began to breathe with a loud, rasping 
gurgle. The Reverend Likhnitsky was then living in the next 
room of the house. He heard the noise and began to knock on 
the wall and ask Yarina what had happened. 

Yarina began to weep heart-rendingly. The neighbors as- 


654 


sembled when they heard her wails, although they were also 
so swollen they could hardly move. A great hub-bub began 
around the house. Soon the militia arrived on the scene- 

Yarina and her child, who had finally died, were taken away 
by the militia. 

Shortly afterwards they also took away Father Likhnitsky, 
who never returned. 


ANDRIY MELEZHYK 
HER CHILD'S FLESH DID NOT SAVE HER 


Luka Vasylyovich Bondar lived т Bilousiwka in the dis- 
trict of Chornoukhe in the region of Poltava. He was 38 years 
old. He had a wife named Kulina and a 5 year old daughter 
named Vaska. Before collectivization he owned 5 hectares of 
Jand, and therefore belonged to the class of poor peasant. 

In March of 1933 Luka, although distended with hunger. 
went away to some distant villages in search of something to 
eat, and did not return. At that time people frequently failed to 
return from such trips. About a week later his wife Kulina died 
of starvation and the collective farm brigade removed her body 
to the cemetery. 

After she was interred the neighbors started wondering 
what had happened to her daughter Vaska, who was not known 
to have died. They entered Kulina's house and began to search 
for the child. In the oven they found a pot containing a boiled 
liver, heart and lungs. In the warming-oven they found a large 
earthenware bowl filled with fresh salted meat, and in the cellar 
under a barrel they discovered a small hole in which a child" 
head, feet and hands were buried. It was the head of Kulina's 
little daughter, Vaska. 

Hulemba was the head of the village soviet at that time. 
The neighbours who discovered the remains of Vaska were 
Maria Stepaniwna Ostrowska and Valentina Onopriewna Bon- 
dar. 


к. S. 





A MOTHER EATS HER CHILD 


Marina Strizhachenko married Volodimir Ribka who lived 
in the village of Velika Kokhniwka. Then came 1933. Volo- 
dymyr perished of hunger in April of that year. About a week 
later Marina killed and ate her child. 


655 


Marina Ribka was tried for cannibalism in the village by 
the people's court, which sentenced her to several years in a 
far northern concentration camp. The judge was the head of the 
village soviet, Andriy Sokirko. 

The Ribka family were our next-door neighbours. 


N. VOLOHODSRY 


WHERE'S MARKO 


A starving widow, Odarka Karpenko, from the village of 
Kawray in the region of Poltava killed her 18 year old son 
Marko while he was asleep. This happened in the spring of 
1933. Her married daughter, Priska, who lived in the neighbour- 
ing village, came to visit her mother and asked, “Where's 
Marko?” 

“He went somewhere yesterday and hasn’t come back 
yet," was Odarka's reply. Priska went home, feeling uneasy in 
her rnind, and the next day she came to see her mother again, 
and asked "Well, is Marko home?" 

“No, he is not," replied Odarka in a low, somewhat insane- 
sounding voice. 

Priska could smell the odor of boiled meat which seemed 
to be coming from her mother's stove, and thought to herself 
that there was something queer about it, because where in that 
time of famine could one get any meat? She waited until her 
mother left the house, then slid open the door to the oven and 
took out an earthenware pot. Priska uttered a shriek which 
could be heard at the other end of the village. А few starving 
and swollen persons entered the house and began to revive 
Priska, who had fainted. Soon the militia appeared in the house, 
having beén informed of the matter. 

They made a thorough search and found Marko's head and 
the remains of his body in the cellar. What fate overtook Odarka 
Karpenko no one knows because she never returned to the vil- 
lage and no one ever saw her again. 


У. POLTAVKA 


IN A MAD FIT SHE ATE HER CHILDREN 


In the town of Yahotyn there lived a couple named Krikh- 
no, who had two children. Krikhno's wife, Sofia, whose maiden 


656 


name was Rozum, was very beautiful, а good housekeeper, a 
good mother and a loving helpmate. 
Her husband was arrested and punished for not meeting 





i 
Е 
E 
JR 
x 
E 
E 
e 
H 
H 
$ 
à 
* 
E 
i 
& 
3 
& 
2 
3 
Е 
5 
i 
. м 


x 657 


left alone with her small children, suffered great hardship and 
was finally driven to insanity, so that she killed and ate her 
children. 

The NKVD took her away and no one knows what they 
did with her. 


NATALKA ZOLOTAREVICH 
SHE KILLED HER TWO CHILDREN 


One sprIng morning in 1933 I brought a food parcel to my 
relative, Maria Nikiforiwna Denysenko, who was imprisoned 
at the Chornouchy District Militia’s jail. While waiting my 
turn to have it accepted, I noticed a wagon driving up to the 
Militia's building. In it three persons were sitting: the driver, a 
militiaman and a woman whom I did not know. The wagon 
had come from the village of Hiltsi and the woman was a native 
of that village. The militiaman got down from the wagon and 
took the woman into the Militia's quarters. 

The driver shouted to us woman to соте closer and have 
a look at some jellied human flesh. All the people standing in 
line ran to the wagon. I also approached the wagon and this is 
what I saw: 

There was a “lokhanka,” a fairly small tub, in the wagon, 
holding some human flesh and a head, while an earthenware 
bowl contained some real jellied meat. One could plainly see a 
boiled human hand with all its fingers in the jellied meat. I re- 
member what the driver told us. 

This woman had a husband and two children. Her husband 
had died of starvation some time before. One day the neigh- 
bours noticed that one of the woman's daughters was missing. 
To the neighbour's query, “Where is your daughter?" she replied 
that her sister from the Caucasus came to visit her and had 
taken the girl home with her. But after some time, the woman's 
other daughter was missing too. Then the neighbours began to 
suspect that she had killed the children. They notified the mili- 
tia and this meat was the fish of the second girl..- 





STEPAN KAVUN 
CANNIBALISM IN THE REGION OF VYNNYTSYA 


In the village of Viytiwtsi there lived a widow, Yawdokha 
Kotol, who had two young sons, 12 and 14 years of age. The 


658 


entire family was distended with hunger in the spring of 1933. 

One day Yawdokha enticed a neighbour's son into her house 
and killed him. She cooked his flesh, while the head and the in- 
ner organs she took and buried in the clay pit. Her neighbour, 
Nikon Ivanchenko happened to see her, told the authorities and 
took Yawdokha away. Her children died of hunger. 

In another village, Popiwtsi,, lived Maria Lipovenko. She 
too was a cannibal. They took her away also and she never re- 
turned. 

Before the collectivization our village of Viytiwtsi had a 
population of around 4,000. During the famine of 1932-33 more 
than half of them perished. My brother and his entire family 
were among those who died of starvation at that time. 


CANNIBALISM WITH CRIMINAL INTENT 


This form of cannibalism is likewise founded on a psycho- 
logically abnormal basis, but in this case it constitutes an act 
of full criminal intent. The following cases are a few examples 
of the occurrence of such phenomena in the villages. 


CASES OF CANNIBALISM IN THE DISTRICT OF 
RESHETYLIW 


At the settlement of Tokari in the Reshetyliw district a 
woman killed her husband with an axe and began to cook him. 
The husband was a brigade-leader at the collective farm. When 
his absence was noticed they started to look for him and in due 
course came to his own house. There they smelled the odor of 
cooking meat. They became suspicious—where at that time 
could a person get any meat? They dashed to the oven and pull- 
ed out a small earthenware pot, from which the fingers of a 
human hand protruded. The rest of the victim, hacked to pieces 
lay under the bed... 

In the village of Fediyiwka Motrya Cherewko used to en- 
tice in any children she found beside her fence under the pre- 
text of hiring them to tend her cow while it pastured. She used 
that ruse to kill Pawlo Ivanovich Babich's daughter, making 
her flesh into sausage which she sold at the Fediyiwka market. 
Demid Hnatovich Fediy, the head of the co-operative seized 
her with these sausages. She was arrested and sent to the dis- 
trict town, but she died before she arrived there. 

Likewise in Fediyiwka Pawlo Atamanets used to seize chil- 


659 


dren at the station, kill and eat them until Demid Hnatovich 
Fediy rescured a little girl from under his knife. In 1942 the girl 
now a grown woman, visited Demid Hnatovich Fediy to thank 
him for saving her life. Atamanets, together with the rest of 
his family of five, later died of starvation. 

Whenever a dead horse was taken to the animal buryinj 
ground, the entire village followed. Even though the veteri- 
narian doused the animal with carbolic acid before throwing it 
into the pit, all the people fell upon it, hacking it wherever they 
happened to light on it. On one of these occasions Vasil Lukich 
Fediy chopped off Nadezhda Borisiwna Fediy's fingers in the 
scramble, took them home, and ate them along with the horse- 
meat. 

There was also the following occurrence. Panko Fedorovich 
Litwin received a small food-parcel from his son in the city, 
who was a member of the NKVD. His neighbour, Oksana Honta, 
hear dabout it and wanted to kill him. She stuck a knife into 
his throat while he was sleeping but was not strong enough to 
cut it entirely. The neighbours took Panko to the hospital, but 
he was supposed to have run away from them. Later it was ru- 
moured that he had been thrown down a precipice. 


S. YEWSEWSKY 
SHE TURNED HER FATHER INTO JELLIED MEAT 


Mondays were market days in the village of Zhidiwtsi in 
the Popelyansky district of the Province of Kiev. In June, 1933, 
these markets were crowded with famished villagers from all 
the neighbouring villages, trying to buy food of some sort for 
their starving families. 

On one such market day the buyers noticed Olena Ruden- 
ko, a 32-year-old native of Zhidiwtsi, who was rennowned in the 
village for her beauty. She was selling jellied meat at the mark- 
et at one ruble per plate. In twenty-five minutes she had sold all 
her wares. 

As she was preparing to leave the market she was ap- 
proached by the local militiaman and a sanitary inspector. They 
detained her and took her to the office of the militia. 

The next day an investigation revealed that Olena Ruden- 
ko had killed her father and for two consecutive days had sold 
his jellied flesh at the market. Her psychological condition 
was abnormal. 

All trace of Olena Rudenko vanished after her arrest... 








660 


M. DIDENKO E 


SHE SLEW SIX CHILDREN 


In the course of the spring of 1933 there were many in- 
stances of children of various families in the town of Nizhen, 
in the Chernihiw district, disappearing without a trace. Ап in- 
tensive search failed to reveal any clues. The children just seem- 
ed to vanish into thin air. 

The eleven-year-old daughter of a woman living on Ma- 
herska Street disappeared in this fashion before the month of 
May. The mother began to search everywhere for her, inquir- 
ing of everyone if they had seen her somewhere. A distant 
neighbour sent the frantic mother a message that she had indeed 
seen her daughter the day before, sitting in the park of what 
had formerly been the Nizhen Lyceum. A market-woman was 
giving her some candy. The mother had a maternal uncle who 
worked in the office of the Criminal Investigation Division of 
the Soviet Militia. He undertook to look for his vanished grand- 
niece. 

He asked a woman who lived beside the park on Hrafska 
Street, if she had seen the girl. The woman replied that she had 
not. The uncle again obtained a detailed account from the wom- 
an who had happened to see the girl and was not invilved in 
any other way, and this woman categorically affirmed that she 
had seen the girl in the park, together with the woman. Again 
the militiaman visited the woman, this time making the most 
importunate demands that she give an explanation of her meet- 
ing with the little girl. This time, too, the woman categorically 
denied that she had seen the little girl. The militiaman, being 
a trained detective, had on his first visit noticed a towl with 
red stains on it; on his second visit the towel was gone. As he 
had entered he had glimpsed the wornan's husband through the 
window of the room next to the one they were in; now, there- 
fore, he asked the woman, “Where is your husband?" The wom- 
an replied that he was not home. Besides that, she seemed 
flustered and was not quite able to hide it from the detective's 
penetrating glance. 

Thereupon the militiaman suddenly burst through the 
closed doors into the next room, where the woman's husband, 
supposing the militiaman to know all, cried out in a terrified 
voice, "It was not me—I had nothing to do with it!” 

They made a search of the house and found the dismember- 


661 


ed body of the vanished child. The woman was tried in the open 
court at Nizhen. The trial lasted three days and disclosed that 
the woman used to catch children from all over town by luring 
them to her house with candy. There she would kill them and 
make pasties from their flesh to sell at the market. She had al- 
ready killed six children for this purpose. She was sentenced to 
death before a firing squad. 


PASTIES OF HUMAN FLESH 


This is a case that took place on Hoholewska Street in the 
town of Zhitomir during the winter of 1932-33. A starving wom- 
an in search of food entered the courtyard of a building near 
the city bank in the vicinity of Mikhayliwska Street, and there 
found fragments of human fingers on the garbage-heap. She 
reported this to the city militia. The militia made a search of 
the building. In the cellar vault they discovered hanging from 
the walls several human bodies which had been dressed in the 
manner of the carcasses of hogs, as well as an assortment of 
clothing which had belonged to the unfortunate victims who 
had entered the building. The trial, conducted by the OGPU 
and closed to the public, (although rumors circulated among 
the populace), established the following information about the 
criminals: 

A certain family, consisting of a couple and the wife's broth- 
er, lived in the building. The brother was a cabman who drove 
people from the railway station into town. As there was a scar- 
city of rooms in the hotels, the cabman would inform his fares 
on the way to town how hard it was to get a room there and 
would suggest that they stay at the home of acquaintances of 
his who would be pleased to put them up for the night. The 
fares would consent to the arrangement and the cabman would 
drive them to his sister's place. 

They would treat a guest courteously, give him supper and 
‘a room to sleep in, but in the night, when the tired traveller 
was fast asleep, they would clout him over the head with the 
blunt end of an axe and lower the body into the seller through 
a trap-door in the floor, hidden under a rug. They would un- 
dress him and dismember his body. 

' — The wife made pasties from the flesh, which her husband 
sold at the market, and frequently also at the bank in the neigh- 





662 


bourhood, where the employes would buy them because they 

were quite tasty . .. The clothing of the victims was also dis- 

posed of at the Zhytny Market, which was close to Hoholewska 
treet. 

The trial established that the family had murdered about 
seven or eight persons in this way. These cannibals were sen- 
tenced to be shot. 

During these famine-stricken years the phenomenon of 
cannibalism was not confined solely to the starving; in addition 
it provided a source of profit to criminal elements who, in this 
grisly manner, took advantage of the difficult times. 


У. POLTAWKA 


A WHOLE GANG OF CANNIBALS IN POLTAVA 


A friend of mine who worked with me as a technician at 
the factory had Proletarska Street as her district for taking the 
particulars during the spring of 1933. She was forever complain- 
ing of an evil stench at Numbers 32, 34, and 36, coming either 
from the buildings themselves or else from the weeds growing 
around them. 

Soon afterwards my friend related to me that entire wagon- 
loads of men’s, women’s and children’s clothing were being re- 
moved from the attic of one of the buildings, and that in the 
building itself they had uncovered a whole gang of cannibal 
manhunters. This gang's practice had been to entice the newly- 
arrived seekers of food away from the railway station to their 
house, where they would slay them and manufacture from their 
flesh meat products which they sold at the market. 

My friend saw with her own eyes a scattered pile of human 
hair of every conceivable color. 

Every citizen of Poltava will testify to this. 

A large, modern secondary school was soon afterwards 
erected on the site of this building. 


WOMEN CANNIBALS AT THE SOLOWKI ISLANDS 
Semen Pidhainy, a Soviet political prisoner, in his memoirs 

of the Solovki Islands, entiled "Nedostrilyani" (Firing-Squad 
Survivors), mentions, in Volume I, pp- 104-108, the presence 
of 375 female cannibals from Ukraine, among them grand- 
mothers, young married women and young girls fifteen of whom 
were minors ranging from 10 to 15 years of age. Some of the 


663 


latter were there with their mothers, aunts, sisters or grand- 
mothers. 

These young women and girls, numbering more than 150 
persons in all, were objects of amusement to the psychological- 
ly-twisted sadists who headed the camps. At each of the visits 
of these heads to Golgotha, as the place where the women were 
kept was called, silent, anguished weeping ensued. No one dared 
raise her voice in protest, unmerciful tortures being the im- 
mediate result of such action. The women had no one to whom 
they could disclose their grievances. But when one of the young 
girls committed suicide, another, Nastya Plekan, who could no 
longer bear it docilely, shattered this bewitched circle of silence. 

Nastya was a brigade-leader among the women. One day 
38 of the 41 women who were ferrying a raft across a channel 
in rough weather were drowned, and only Nastya and two oth- 
ers managed to save themselves. 

Nastya spoke out, “Why am I being punished so? Why 
did they shoot my father and my brothers, why did they starve 
my mother to death nad turn me into a cannibal? We are all 
equal here; are we really, truly cannibals, then? No, it is not 
we who are cannibals—it is they who drove us to insanity and 
this accursed lot. We are the pure of heart, we are the kindest 
cf the kind. If there is a heaven and a hell, we are the ones who 
must go to heaven after death and stand at God's own side, 
along with the most saintly martyrs . . .” 





664 


CHAPTER IX 


DEMOGRAPHIC REPERCUSSIONS OF THE FAMINE 


The famine resulted in terrible consequences for the Ukrain- 
ian agricultural population and the Ukrainian nation as a whole. 
They are documented in both the Soviet and the world press. 
They can also be noted in our own documents. 

The most important of these consequences, the ones which 
Moscow had carved, were political. The famine broke the back 
of the nation's political resistane to bolshevik collectivization. 
Having rid themselves of the millions оЁ superfluous mouths 
to feed in Ukraine, Moscow could also derive, with little if any 
additional effort, millions of bushels more of grain from 
Ukraine. 

The qualitative index of the Ukrainian population which 
had died in the famine could be said to be as follows: 

1. Those villages and districts in the various provinces which 
were economically the most backward, predominantly 
purely agricultural in character, and farthest removed 
from railways and industrial centers, were the ones fatal- 
ly affected by the Soviet blockade on transportation and 
consequently depopulated to the greatest degree by the 
famine. 

2. Those categories of people in the villages and districts of 
the different provinces who were the most passive by na- 
ture, the most conservative in their agricultural methods, 
the most backward in cultural respects, and also the poor- 
est succumbed in greatest numbers to the famine. Each 
village had entire streets and neighbourhoods of these 
poverty-stricken people who completely died out, and it 
made no difference whether or not they were members 
of the collective farms. At the same time, it must be ad- 
mitted that the most deeply-rooted traditions of humane 
and Christian morals and ethics were generally conserved 
to the greatest extent among these categories of people. 
They were least adopted to the terrible conditions of life 
and least able to cope with the new situations which the 
collectivization by the soviet government imposed on 


665 


them. Particularly vulnerable were those families left 
without their men-folk. 

3. The following categories of people survived the famine 
in the greatest numbers: 
(а) The more enlightened families, even when these had 
been previously "de-kurkulized," who had fled be- 
times to the cities and industrial establishments. 
(b) Those families, members of which were workers or 
civil servants, were studying in the cities or were em- 
ployed somewhere as skiled tradesmen. These broke 
through the blockade on transportation to the Ukrain- 
ian village by fair means or foul. 

(c) Those families which were more adroit and active, in- 
cluding the amoral or criminal types, who associated with 
the village party members and usurped the rations of oth- 
ers, sometimes obtaining these by robbery and pilfering. 
(d) Soviet party members, who frequently had the privi- 
lege of acquiring food from co-operative stores closed to 
the general public. 


FAMINE STATISTICS BY VILLAGE AND DISTRICT 


We are submitting a list of documents, the majority of them 
pertaining to the province of Poltava, but some of them deal- 
ing with other provinces in Ukraine, which enumerate the num- 
ber of famine victims in the various villages and districts. 
NNFrom the village of Zhornokliw comes a list of 430 persons, 
which comprises only those families in which more than two 
persons succumbed. In our files there are also lists of the fam- 
ilies in which only one or two persons died of starvation. 

In the village of Pleshkan only 982 persons out of a popula- 
tion of 2,000, or 49 per cent, survived. The village of Komariwka 
was completely wiped out. Likewise, the village of Rokitna was 
completely depopulated and turned into open fields. The settle- 
ment of Reykiwka lost 50 per cent of its population, the village 
of Heyzeriw lost 60 per cent, the village of Velika Orzhitsya also 
60 per cent, and the village of Krasne, 80 per cent. The majority 
of the victims belonged to the poorer clases. The village of Hub- 
ske, which had been inhabited by 3,500 persons, lost about 25 
per cent of its population. The village of Domaniw, which was 
equal in population ta Hubske, lost 800 persons, or 23 per cent 
while only one child was born in the interval. The village of 
Yareski in the Mirhorod district, which had formerly served as 


666 


location for the Soviet film industry because of its beautiful 
scenery along the river Psol, originally had a population of ap- 
proximately 1,500, which was reduced by 700 or 47 per cent. 

In the province of Kiev, 1,700 of the 5,000 inhabitants or 
30 per cent of the village of Rohova starved to death.Strizhawka 
lost 500 of its 2,000 people, or about 25 per cent. In the March, 
of 1933 along, 80 people perished there. The village of Medvini, 
which before the First World War could boast of a population 
of nearly 12,000, had barely half that number following the 
Second World War. During the famine year 1932-33 25 per 
cent of the poorest citizens on Dubiniwka Street in Medvina 
were wiped out. This was one of the most prosperous streets in 
the village. 

In the province of Odessa, a village in the Dobrovelich- 
kiwsky district, which formerly comprised about 250 inhabi- 
tants, was affected to such an extent that only one man, seven 
women and fifteen children survived. 

On the basis of precise data, 19.4 per cent of the population 
in a single district in the province of Dniepropetrowsk died out 
in 1932-33. 

The destiny of death by famine did not bypass even some 
of the districts of the Donbas. In the village soviet of Novo- 
Ekonomichne, 740 out of the total population of 3,000 died in 
the single month of March alone. 

We have already referred to the appearance of completely 
depopulated villages in our earlier documents. Below we sub- 
mit just one more instance: Similar phenomena could be ob- 
served throughout the entire Ukraine in those times. 


430 FAMINE DEATHS IN ZHORNOKLOVY 


430 presons, members of 155 families in the village of 
Zhornoklovy in the Helmvyaziwk district of the province of 
Poltava died of the famine during 1932-33. The following is a 
list of those families in which more than two persons perished. 

11 of Mykola Chornenky's family died, namely he himself, 
his wife, his father and 8 children. 

7 persons died in each of the following families: Hrytsko 
Avramenko's, Hrytsko Monakh’s, Serhiy Bublik's, Ivan 
(Paska) Pashchenko's, and Ivan Fedonchuk's. 

6 persons died in each of the families of Mykyta Lukyane- 


667 


nko, Mytrofan Owcharenko, Mykola Litvinenko, Omelko Miko- 
layevich Padalka, Petro (Votkal) Demyanenko, Ivan Mitro- 
fanovich Padalka, Yowtukh, and Ivan (Ozhohzko) Pishchansky. 

5 persons died in each of the families of Stepan Kudelya, 
Marko Padalka, Fedota Chornenko, Hrytsko (Konoval) Padal- 
ka, Kondrat (Vaskun) Padalka, Kuzma Vasylyovich Parekh- 
rist, Yawdokha Mikolayenko and Antin Piwtroisty. 

4 persons died in each of the families of Ivan Pishchansky. 
Korniy Perekhrist, Serhiy Chornenko, Omelko Chornenko, Fe- 
dir Sachava, Ivan Sachava, Danylo Sachava, Mykhaylo Prota- 
senko, Ivan Kudelya, Ilko Kudelya, Ihnat Bublik, Trokhim 
Pavlovich Padalka, Petro Pishchansky, Ivan Bakum, Ivan Piw- 
toristy, Lukyan Mikolayenko, Kondrat Mikolayenko, Stepan 
Perekhrist, Ivan Pashchenko, Prokop Kuzmich Padalka, Ivan 
Hrihorovich Chornenko, Ivan Yakymovich Chornenko, Ivan 
(Halushka) Padalka, Petro Kononets and Yawdokha Vasinko. 

3 persons died in each of the families of Stepan Ivanovich 
Kudelya, Marko Ovcharenko, Petro Pashchenko, Livon Pash- 
chenko, Stepan Kudelya (the secretary), Andriy (Zoyka) Padal- 
ka, Pavlo Petrovich (Slipenko) Padalka, Fedoska Perekhrist, 
Ivan (Риги) Paschenko, Pilip Kudelya, Yosip Chornenko, 
Pilip Dyachekno, Mykhaylo Semenovich Perekhrist, Fedir 
(Bezkorowayny) Padalka, Ivan (Chukhry) Chornenko, Hryt- 
sko (Schuchka) Padalka, Kuzma Padalka, Matviy Pisnya, Ya- 
kiw Hawrilovich Chornenko, Mykola Kharko, Konderi, Maria 
Kasyanova. 

36 families lost 2 persons each in the famine. (We have their 
narnse but do not include them here.) 

47 families lost one person each to the famine. (We have 
their names also but likewise do not list them here.) 

Konstyantin Sachava and Mykola Chornenok took their 
own lives by hanging themselves, while Lukyan Mykolayenko 
died in prison. 


A. VOLOHODSKY 


THE FAMINE DEVASTATES THE VILLAGE 
OF PLESHKANY 


The village of Plenshkany in the Hlemyaziwsk district of 
Poltava, in its setting of woods and orchards, used to lead a pros- 
perous existence. It had a population of more than 2,000 рег- 
sons, inhabiting 420 dwellings. Within its limits ithad 2,2000 


668 


hectares of land under cultivation and about 400 hectares of 
hayfields. In the famine years of 1932-33 this village suffered 
extraordinary devastation. 

At the time of collectivization and the grain collection cam- 
paign, the brigade of activists under the leadership of Com- 
munist emissaries from Moscow robbed the people of every last 
crumb of their food stores, sweeping out every stray kernel 
from the nooks and crannies, sacks and even out the cook- 
ing-pots. 

Then came the famine. The greater proportion of the peo- 
ple died, leaving only 982 survivors. All the dogs and cats in the 
village fell prey to the starving people and disappeared. The 
linden trees were strippd of their bark and the acacias of their 
blossoms, all sorts of roots were gathered, to no avail. 

There was a four-grade school in the village before 1932- 
33, with all four rooms filled with children. After the famine 
the school was closed for a whole year because there were no 
chlidren to attend it. In the following year classes were resumed 
but were held in only two of the class-rooms, with two grades 
in each class-room and only a few pupils in each grade. 

In this sarne district the village of Komariwka, which had 
had 415 inhabitants was completely wiped out by the famine 
and struck off the list of villages in the district. 


PANAS SKIRDA 


FAMINE IN THE VILLAGES OF THE YAHOTYN 
DISTRICT 


The hamlet of Roykiwka was once settled mostly by well- 
to-do people. A large number of these were sent to northern 
concentration camps or to prisons, while 50 per cent of those 
who were allowed to remain in the hamlet starved to death in 
the famine of 1932-33. 

The village of Heyzeriwka, later renamed Zhowtneva, 
had a "commune" ten years prior to the collectivization. During 
the famine those who belonged to the соттипе all survived, 
but 60 per cent of those outside the commune starved to death. 

The large village of Stara Orzhitsya also lost 60 per cent 
of its population in the famine. 

The village of Krasne, bordering on the district of Zhur- 
wsk was formerly a prosperous one devoted to sheep-raising. 
Most of its dwellings were covered with tin instead of the cus- 


669 


tomary thatch. Precise data show that 80 per cent of its popula- 
tion starved to death during the famine. I had to pass through 
this village during that period and this is the impresson I re- 
ceived. Everything was overgrown with weeds—entire streets 
were without the slightest sign of life. All the roads and path- 
ways were choked by weeds. 

Even the town of Yahotyn wose a similar aspect. 

The majority of the people, mostly the poorer ones, who 

had joined the collective farms, died of famine. Those who did 
not belong to the collective farms sought salvation by working 
on soviet state farms (radhosps), on the railway, or in food 
establishments in Yahotyn itself, as well as by taking them- 
selves off to other cities in search of work. 
à Such streets in Yahotyn as Kalindiwka, Zavod, Yami, etc. 
were completely depopulated by the famine in that year; only 
the activists remained alive. Yowdokha Karpiyka, one of these 
activists, was notorious for her sadism. (She was nicknamed 
“The Black One.") Other activists were Pylypenko, Kosidina, 
Domashewsky, and Vasyl Babich. These activists smoothed 
the path to death for other folk. Later some of them were pun- 
ished for "perverting the party line." 

Completely wiped out by the famine were such families as 
the Koshelniks, Chortohirs, Yaremenko-Moroz's, Rodaks, Sovis, 
Svestilniks, Komlichenkos, Pozums, and many others whose. 
names I cannot at the moment recall. 


M. MAZARETS 
HURSKE LOSES 44 PER CENT OF ITS POPULATION 


Before the collectivization of the village of Hurske had a 
population of about 2,500. The village was land-rich and pros- 
perous. 

"Then came 1933. The head of the village soviet at that time 
was Klyaznikov, a Russian district Party commissar especially 
sent from Moscow. The villagers were deprived of all their 
food by unceasing robberies. They could not fight the famine 
with their own resources. The authorities forbade them to leave 
their village; tickets were not sold to them at the railway sta- 
tion unless they could produce a permit from the village soviet. 
Whoever somehow contrived to go to Russia for bread had it 
taken away from him by the railway GPU on the way back. 
A “Torgsin” (state department store) was openned in Lyubni, 


670 


in which one could exchange gold and silver (ear-rings or rings) 
for food, but the villagers had no gold or silver. 

The people at the collective farms lived on a diet of millet- 
husk soup. Pawlo Kaydash died in a furrow in the fields from 
partaking of this soup. The people started to eat all sorts of 
pot-herbs, weeds and the foliage of trees. They devoured every 
dog and cat in the village.A especially large number of people 
died at the beginning of the harvest season, after eating the 
new grain in their famished condition. 

In one of the neighbourhood of the village of Hurske the 
following families died out completely: Pavlo Mazaretz and his 
family of 6, Serhiy Yarmolenko and his family of 3. Samson 
Hrytsayenko and his family of 5, Kuzma Mazarets and his 
family of 3, Mykola Pawlenko and his family of 2, Timokhvan 
Pavlenko and his wife, Dmytro Nazarets and his family of 3. 
Ivan Yarmolenko and his family of 4, Ivan Prichodko and his 
family of 4. 

Andriy Mazarets had a wife and three children. The chil- 
dren died first, then Andriy. His wife Natalka ate her husband's 
dead body in order to save herself, but died, too, before finish- 
ing his head. 

The dead were collected from the streets and houses by 
four vehicles assigned to the job by the village soviet, and were 
buried in the graveyard in large pits designed to hold 10 to 15 
persons each. The physicians were ordered beforehand by the 
authorities to ascribe the deaths to “albumin deficiency." 

Neither the national nor the local press breathed a single 
word about the famine. 


M. PETRENKO 
DEATH-RATE: 800—BIRTH-RATE: 1 


In 1928, prior to the collectivization, there were 3,500 in- 
habitants in the village of Domantiw of the Zolotonosha dis- 
trict of Poltava. In 1929-30, when the collectivization began, 
28 families were thrown out of their homes. Five of these famil- 
ies were sent to Siberia in their entirety, while the men only of 
four other families were sent there. The rest of the dekurkuliz- 
ed were forced to leave the village. 

Luka Sheremet's family of 8 was totally destroyed. He 
had owned 4 hectares of land and operated a water-mill in 
partnership with two other men. Luka was sent to Siberia, his 


e, 


wife and two small children died of starvation in 1933, two small 
children, 3 and 5 years of age, found themselves in the chil- 
dren's shelter at the collective farm, while two older children 
went out to work in the world, likely joining one of the bands 
of homeless waifs. 

Musiy Tsyura's whole family died of hunger, as did the 
Reverend Stepan Subovich's and the Reverend Nichipir Kalya- 
tin's and many others. 

The starving ate up all the dogs and cats in the village. 
They caught fish and muskrats in the rivers and collected snails. 
They ate dead horses. But all this was to no avail. 

Of the 3,500 persons in the village around 800 or 23 per cent 
died in 1933 alone, while there was only one birth—a son to the 
village activist Dmytro Demyanenko. 


IVAN PANASYUK 
THE FATE OF THE VILLAGE OF YARESKI 


The village of Yaresky in the province of Poltava lies a 
few kilometers away from the Kiev-Poltava railway line in a 
sea of fruit-trees and greenery. For many years the Soviet film 
industry exploited the lovely scenery of the place, such as the 
Vorskla River, the willows, the birch woods, the black poplars, 
the picturesque slopes and boundless steepes of Poltava, for its 
film productions. 

This village formerly boasted over 1,500 inhabitants. In the 
famine-stricken years it, too, was neclected, although it was in 
a better position economically than other villages because the 
annual visit of the film expedition always brought in a few spare 
kopeks. 

When I arrived in Yaresky at the beginning of June, 1933 
at the call of the film expedition I found not more than half of 
the people—some 700 persons—still surviving. The rest had 
swelled and died in that year of famine of 1932-33. 

I had a talk with a man who was in the Yaresky village 
soviet, who was also earmarked for a speedy death by starva- 
tion, whose duty it was to keep track of the population's move- 
ments. (He registered the birts and deaths.) He explained to me 
that all sorts of inconceivable human ailments, with regard to 
the time, were entered in the column of "Cause of death," 
such as diarrhea, ague, cramps, etc.—anything as long as it 
was not famine. m 


672 


The people who still had a spark of life when I arrived did 
not walk but merely dragged themselves over the ground. Dis- 
tended, silent, thye wandered at a very slow pace in their yards 
or down the street, forcing themselves to put one swollen leg 
ahead of another, the legs being distended to the circumference 
of pails above the knee. They all had unnaturally fat, swollen 
countenances and half-dead, lacklustre eyes. 

There was no crowing of cocks, no cackle of hens, no bark- 
ing of dogs in the village of Yaresky. Half of the houses stood 
derelict, in some the windows apertures were carelessly block- 
ed up with broken pieces of old boards, in others they gaped 
wide open... 


L. PYLYPENKO 


ONE-THIRD OF THE VILLAGE PERISHED 


Up to the time of collectivization the village of Rohozova 
in the province of Kiev contained about 1,000 dwellings and had 
a population of about 5,000. According to the testimony of the 
inhabitants of this village 1,700 persons, or about a third of the 
population died in 1932-33; this estimate well deserves belief 
as the real truth. According to sources known to те, a third 
of the pupils at the Rohozova school, where I was teaching, 
died. Those who were still alive resembled walking corpses. 
They slept during classes and could not retain anything in their 
minds. 

It is a known fact that it was principally the men and boys 
who died and the women and girls who survived. An instance 
of this was ту neighbour Sereda's family- He and his son Oleksiy 
died, while his wife Tetyana and his daughter Olha survived. 
The children were of school age. 

Neither coffins nor crosses were prepared for the deceased. 
The collective farms each day assigned vehicles for the burial 
of the dead which would make the rounds of all the streets, call- 
ing from house to house to collect any dead persons to be found 
within and piling them like cordwood on the wagons to take 
them to the graveyard. Large, elongated, graves were dug in 
the graveyard, into which the dead were tossed. They did not 
cover them over until they had been filled with corpses. Dogs 
would visit the open graves and gnaw the bodies. In any case, 
the pits were covered with a light layer of earth so that the dogs 


673 


could unearth the dead at will and would gnaw their arms and 
legs. 

By order of the authorities, the collective farms issued to 
those persons who dug graves and collected corpses 150 grams 
of grain per corpse. Therefore it frequently happened that the 
demoralized, brutalized burial crews would remove persons who 
were still living off the streets, throw them on their wagons and 
toss them into the graves, in their eagerness to receive that ex- 
tra allotment of 150 grams of grain. If any of these “deceased” 
still had the strength to talk they would beg and implore the 
crew not to throw them into the grave but to wait a little while 
lonnger. But the implacable grave-diggers would say, “This way 
you won't suffer as much,” and would toss them in without 
any show of mercy whatsoever. 


1. KABAN 


THE DEVASTATION BY FAMINE OF THE 
VILLAGE OF STRIZHIWKA 


The village of Strizhiwka in the  Rzhyshchiw district of 
the province of Kiev boasted a population of 2,000. 500 of these 
died at the time of the famine jn 1932-33. March of 1933 was a 
record month for the death rate, which amounted to 80 cases. 

I do not list the names of all the deceased here, but only 
those whom I knew intimately, and these were: 

1. Roman Kuban, my paternal grandfather. 

2. Kyrylo Chkhalo, my maternal grandfather. 

3. The families of Stepan Basenko, Ivan Bilous, and Dokiya 
Borozenko, who were all three school friends of mine. 

4.Prokip Shumilo, who died at the railway station in Kiev. 

There were two cases of cannibalism reported in our vil- 
lage. 
А man nicknamed "Lebedka" (Little Swan), ate the corp- 
ses of his father and mother, but later he, too, died. 

I don't recall the name of the person involved in the other 
case of cannibalism. 


B. BUZHANYN 


ONLY EIGHT HOUSEHOLDS LEFT 


A village in the Dobrovelichiysky district of the province of 
Odessa had 64 farmsteads prior to collectivization. All of these 


674 


were well kept. The people lived prosperously. They had a 
great number of cattle. е 

Just before the harvest season іп 1933 І was conducting а 
geological survey of the northern region of Odessa. I visited 
this village and there observed the following scene. 

The village consisted of one long street which was com- 
pletely overgrown with weeds. Through these weeds mean- 
dered a narrow footpath. No vehicles at all passed that way. 
The uninhabited houses stood forlornly in their yards, their win- 
dows broken, their doorways yawning. Not a trace of human 
footsteps were to be seen from the street to dwellings, and the 
yards, too, were choked with weeds. There was not one living 
soul in all those dwellings. 

Here and there a narrow little path would wanted from 
the street to one of the houses. In that case the windows would 
have unbroken panes and the doors would be shut, while a 
bucket lying about or earthenware pots hung on pegs would 
betoken the presence of a living being. 

When I had passed midway through the village I had seen 
only three or four houses with signs of human habitation about 
them. In one of these houses, which had a well beside it, the 
presence of which interested me, I discovered three women and 
two children still alive. They were mistress of the house, whose 
husband and child had succumbed to hunger, with two of her 
other children and two neighbour-women. 

The women informed me of the fate of the village and its 
inhabitants. Out of the 64 households in the village only 8 were 
still inhabited by living beings — 7 women and some 15 chil- 
dren in all. The rest had all died. There was not a living beast 
in the village, including cats and dogs, nor a single fowl. 

The women and children appeared terribly emaciated but 
not distended. They survived by gathering snails in a nearby 
river, which they would boil for several hours until they had 
boiled all the juices out of them, when they would eat the liquid 
as a soup. They minced the cooked snails added some linden 
and acacia leaves to them and baked little cakes. They treated 
me to some of these dark-gren caks. They could not be chewed: 
only bites could be taken out of them and bolted down. The 
women obtained albumen from the snails, and this saved them 
from death. 


675 


H. SOVA 


DEATH BY STARVATION FOR 20 PER CENT 
OF THE DISTRICT 


In a district of the province of Katerynoslaw, cited as a 
sample of just one administrative territorial area, the popula- 
tion at the beginning of 1932 was 60,000 while the land area 
consisted of over 100,000 hectares. 

The birth rate was very low during 1932 and 1933, only 
several dozen births being recorded, which could not affect to 
any great extent the increase of the total population. 

According to precise data in the register of deaths 11,680 
persons died of starvation in this district exclusively during 
1932-33. This makes 19.4 per cent, or about 20 per cent in round 
numbers. 

The situation was no better in other districts of the pro- 
vince. There were cases of whole villages dying out and entire 
admistrative village soviet having to be closed down, as for 
instance in the village of Chernetchina on the Orel River in 
the Nekhvoroshchansky district, which was completely depopu- 
lated by the famine. Formerly it had more than 200 households. 
Similar instances throughout the province mounted up into the 
hundreds. Dnipropetrowsk belongs on the list of those provinces 
which suffered the most cruelly on account of the famine and 
in which the highest percentage of the population died of starva- 
tion. 


N. PLICHKOVSKY 
SPECIAL REGISTER OF THE FAMINE DEATH-RATE 


At the beginning of April, 1933, I was substituting for the 
director of the Hrishinsky district branch of the Board of In- 
struction in the Donbas. I was sitting in his office one day when 
there was a knock at the door and in came a villager in a peas- 
ant’s coat. 

“Here is a packet for you. Please take it.” The villager 
handed me an envelope. 

I took the envelope. In the upper left-hand corner, in place 
of the return address, there was only inscribd the word “Con- 
fidential,” and lower down, the address “Director of the Hri- 
shinsky District Branch of the Board of Instruction.” 

“Thank you," I replied after reading the address. I opened 


676 


the packet and took out a small slip of paper which appeared to 
be a printed form, (hence the inference that this was a widely- 
circulated standard form). 

The paper's contents, as nearly as I can remember them, 
were these: 

"Summary of the death rate for the month of March at the 
Novo-Ekonomichne village soviet. Total Population . . . Men 
... Women. (I do not remember the figures.) Deceased: . .. 
Men... Women. (I do not recall these figures either.) Total 
740 persons. 

The Novo-Ekonomichne village soviet had a population 
of somewhere around 3,000, and in the month of March 740 
of them had died. (This figure I remembered very well indeed 
at the time.) I was seized with terror. It did not state in the 
summary what the causes of the deaths were but everyone was 
aware that people were dying of famine. 

I became frightened of that paper — the summary of the 
death rate — and could not understand why it had come into 
my hands. Later the reason was disclosed. The paper was in- 
tended for the District Inspectorate of the National Agricultural 
Register, (INHO), which was under the supervision of the 
GPU, but the secretary of the village soviet had written INO 
(Inspectorate of the Board of Instruction) instead of INHO, 
omitting the letter “H.” I do not know if and how they punish- 
ed the messenger and the secretray of the village soviet for this 
mistake. 


TETYANA BUDKO 


THE APPEARANCE OF A DEPOPULATED VILLAGE 


There was no one to work on the collective farms, par- 
ticularly on the beet-raising ones, during the spring of 1933. 
The beets became choked with weeds. The authorities sent peo- 
ple from the narby citis, factories, and Soviet offices to weed 
thern, mobilizing them for the job. 

I was forced into one of these mobilized groups. There 
were 300 of us and we were transported in 10 wagons. We 
passed through the village of Sotnykiwka in the Yahotyn Dis- 
trict of the province of Poltava which was then almost com- 
pletely depopulated. We did not stop anywhere in the village, 
but even yet my hair stands on end and shivers crawl up my 
spine when I think about it. It had a terrifying appearance. 


677 


The streets and houses were overgrown with weeds. There 
were no signs of any living thing, human or animal, on the 
streets, not even a cat or a dog. In some of the houses the doors 
and windows were open, while in others they had been removed 
to fire the stoves and there were only black spaces showing. 
In the weeds around the housse and evidently in the houses 
themselves decomposing human corpses were lying about, be- 
cause an incredibly putrid odor, intensified by the warm weath- 
er, permeated the village. 

There was a rumor that here and there in this village a 
few mad people were still about, who would pounce on unweary 
passers-by. 

We worked in the fields beyond this village for several 
weeks. They fed us rye "zatirka," which was a kind fo thin 
gruel made of a little rye meal stirred into boiling water, some- 
thing like the stuff farmers used once upon a time to feed their 
hogs. We all slept together side by side on beds of straw, hold- 
ing onto each other in fear of falling prey to cannibals. 


THE SUM TOTAL OF FAMINE VICTIMS 


We do not have any precise numerical data concerning 
the number of people who died of starvation in the individual 
districts and provinces nor in Ukraine as a whole. Such data 
are possibly buried in the secret valuts of the Soviet archives, 
but even so they are not exact, for to obtain these it would have 
been necessary to conduct a special survey of the results of the 
famine throughout Ukraine, collecting at first hand the statis- 
tics in the villages themselves and interviewing the villagers who 
had survived. As we very well know, the Soviet Government did 
not make such a survey. 

The documentary materials containing the reminiscences 
of living witnesses, which we have already submitted, indicate 
that in the individual villages and districts of the grain-growing 
provinces in particular, such as Poltava, Dniepropetrowsk. 
Kirovadrad, and Odessa—that is, in those parts of Ukraine that 
lies on the left bank of the Dnieper River and in its steppe- 
lands the depopulation ranged from 20 per cent to 50 per cent 
and even higher. Even if we accept the figures of the victims 
given by the witnesses as overdrawn, still, if you average them, 
they соте to about 25 per cent to 30 per cent. In the border pro- 
vinces of Ukraine, Komenets Podilsky, Vynnytsya, Zhitomir 
as well as in the beet-raising districts already mentioned, in the 


678 


Donets basin (Donbas), in the districts nearer to Kharkiw, 
province of Kiev, in the more industrial districts such as the 
Dniepropetrowsk and Zaporizhe, the depopulation was not as 
extensive—about 15 per cent to 20 per cent. 

Even these roughest of calculations of the extent of the 
depopulation by famine in the villages throughout the whole 
territory of the Ukraine, which are based merely on the sub- 
mitted documents, indicate the figure to be 25 per cent. 

A few Ukrainian economists such as Sosnovy and D. Solo- 
vey undertook a more detailed survey of the extent to which 
the Ukrainian population died out in 1932-33. In their conclu- 
sions they arrived at a similar percentage, and in absolute figur- 
es the number is indicated as above six millions. (The figure is 
somewhere between six and seven millions.) 


679 


CHAPTER X 


THE SUPRESSION OF THE EFFECTS OF FAMINE AND 
THE STRENGTHENING OF THE COLLECTIVE 
SLAVE SYSTEM 


In the wake of the famine and its demographic changes 
came great political and economic reprecussions, which re- 
sounded not only within the Ukraine, but throughout the en- 
tire USSR. 

The highest Communist authorities in the Kremlin them- 
selves personally appraised the political significance and de- 
mographic consequences of the situation, which it was impos- 
sible to conceal from their own satellite states or from the world 
abroad. 

In summing up achievements in agriculture and collectivi- 
zation at the end of the first Five-Year Plan, the Communist 
press did not gloss over, but openly admitted a host of incredibly 
harish and cruel forms of struggle between Communist author- 
ity and peasant population. It admitted forced collectivization : 
the slaughter of livestock by the peasants; the destruction of 
agricultural stock and machinery; direct, occasionally armed, 
anti-Soviet insurrections; the killing of activists and burning 
of their settlements; mass sabotage; even the collaboration of 
Communists with anti-Soviet elements; butnowheredoes 
it mention the famine or its demographic 
results. Even the Communist press recognized the heinous- 
ness and illogicality of this crime before history, in which the 
protagonists of the struggle were the laboring peasant and a 
proletarian government. Therefore they ignored the famine and 
continue to ignore it. 

As we are all well aware, after the famine subsided not the 
slightest interest was shown on the part of any government de- 
partment in instituting an ivestigating body, whether state or 
educational, to study its effects. Instead, all the documents con- 
cerning it were permanently filed away in the archives of the 
Communist Party and the NKVD. 

In order to justify themselves before the Ukrainian working 
masses who had personally witnessed the tragic events of the 


famine, the Communists officially and unofficially circulated 
their own version of the matter, explaining that actually there 
was no famine but that only the kurkuls who refused to 
work on the collective farms were starving as a result of their 
lack of co-operation. They used the same sort of propaganda in 
other parts of the USSR wherever rumors of the famine in 
Ukraine penetrated. And in order to whitewash themselves in 
the eyes of the Soviet satelite states, they instituted a legal court 
of law, transferring all the blame for their crime to a group 
of highly-qualified agronomists, whom they accused of causing 
the "economic problem." 

Their explanation to the world beyond their own borders 
took a different slant. They attributed the news concerning 
the famine to the inventive imaginations of various capitalist 
and bourgeois journalists, meanwhile laying great stress in their 
propaganda on the success of the Five-Year Plan, which was 
to benefit all those who would trade with them. This was done 
against a background of the world-wide economic depression. 
Under such circumstances news about a famine in Ukraine was 
only one of a series of journalistic sensations, soon forgotten by 
the world. 

The negative effects of the famine in the economic sphere 
were as follows: 

(a) There was a shortage of manpower and working stock 
in the villages, collective farms, and Soviet State Farms. 

(b) There was a shortage of food for the survivors of the 
famine, and of fodder for the livestock. Delivery of foodstuffs 
frem the villages to the industrial centres was suspended. 

(c) There was a shortage of seed for the sowing, which :n 
turn threatened to decrease the acreage sowed and to under- 
mine the success of the state’s agracultural plans for 1933. 

The Communists solved these economic problems in the 
manner in which the occupier of a foreign country would pro- 
ceed in building up its war-disrupted economy. namely, by: 

(a) Issuing seed, fodder and food loans. 

(b) Mobilizing a labor-force composed of civil servants, 
industrial laborers and Red Army men for the sowing and har- 
vesting campaign of 1933. 

(c) Sending out to Ukraine tens of thousands of their 
tested Communists, who were to act as Political Commissars 
in the newly-instituted Political Divisions on the Collective 
Farms, Soviet State Farms and Machine Tractor Stations, 


682 


whose chief functions were to be the administration of party 
government decrees and the carrying-out of the State's grain 
and meat garnering plans. 

Their most aggressive political leaders decimated by the 
purge, the Ukrainian workers and peasants, already weakened 
by famine, capitulated and adopted collectivization with its im- 
plied slavery. 


EXCERPTS FROM STATEMENTS OF COMMUNIST 
PARTY POLICY CONCERNING THE FAMINE 


Those workers who witnessed the famine at first hand and 
attempted to investigate its causes in the villages were branded 
as politically illiterate and ignorant, or "psychologically under 
the influence of the kurkuls." This is a typical example of 
the government's explanation concerning the existence of fam- 
ine, and who was to blame for it: 

"Not the government, but 75 agronomists and economists 
are to blame for the deterioration of the economic status of the 
agricultural class and for bringing about a state of famine in 
the land," was the explanation given to all the Soviet satelite 
states by the Communist government, on the subject of its 
criminal policy in Ukraine during the famine. 

Stalin's cynical statement that “millions of poverty-stricken 
wretches . . . have now attained security . . . and the Party can 
now stock-pile, instead of the former 500 to 600 million bush- 
els, 1,200 to 1400 million bushels of grain annually” was the ex- 
cuse for their crimes given by the Communists to the Soviet 
satellite states and the rest of the world. 

Even at the Party Congress in 1933 no necessity was felt 
on the part of the delegates to inquire into or protest against the 
famine in Ukraine. Therefore the Party did not have to justify 
itself. 

Stalin's cynical remark at that same Party that, in the 
USSR, "exploitation, unemployment in the cities, poverty in 
the villages . . . were permanently banished” was likewise for 
the benefit of the world abroad. 

To cap the climax, the French Premier, whom the Com- 
munists were able to hoodwink completely during his visit to 
Ukraine in 1933, unconditionally reinforced Stalin's statement 
regarding famine in Ukraine. 


683 


M. RUSETSKY (Engineer) 
THE HARVEST CAMPAIGN OF 1933 


I was employed as a structual engineer by the largest All- 
Soviet planning organizations, called the “Prombudproyekt” (In- 
dustrial Construction Project), which had branches in all the 
larger cities of the USSR. At that time, as a result of an agree- 
ment between the Soviet government and the Albert Kahn Co., 
an Amrican firm with headquarters in Detroit, thirty Ameri- 
can engineers and architects were working with us in the capa- 
city of consultants. 

Such important industrial construction projects as the 
Zaporizha, Kamensk, Stalino and others were then nearing 
completion, but in our branch of this organization at Kiev more 
than forty engineers and architects were removed from their 
professional jobs and sent out to the Pohrebishch district in 
the Kiev region to take part in the harvesting campaign. Ninety- 
five per cent of these individuals had never done any farm work 
and knew nothing whatever about it. 

We travelled by train to Pohrebishch and continued from 
there by truck. When we passed through the vil- 
lage of Cheremoshne, which had been com- 
pletely depopulated by famine, not a living 
thing was to be seen, not even a cat or a 
dog. At the outskirts of another village, 
similarly deserted, black banners hung. A 
feeling of extreme depression descended on our entire party, 
from which not even Varshawsky, our party manager, was im- 
mune. 

We arrivved at our destination, the name of which I cannot 
recall. at three in the afternoon. We were then each issued а 
loaf of delicious, well-baked bread, some sausage, and hod broth 
with meat in it. As city dwellers long deprived of the beauties 
of nature, we spread out our lunch on a grassy hill-top under 
the trees, above a ravine. We no sooner began to 
eat then out of the ravine came crawling 
famished old people and children who no 
longer had the strength to walk, and began 
to beg us for food. Their foul clothing reeked revolt- 
ingly, since they were so enfeebled that they could no longer 
cope normally with the eliminative processes. We were so Korri- 
fied by the sight that we gave them our entire lunch, even 


684 


though we ourselves were hungry. We unwittingly did these 
poor people more harm than good, for the majority of them, 
having neither seen nor tasted bread for a long time had lost the 
ability to digest it, and died within two days as a result of over- 
eating. 

After lunch we were summoned to a meeting at the collect- 
ive farm, at which the secretary of the local Party Center took 
the floor and proceeded to explain the phenomenon observed by 
us."The enemies of collective system," explain- 
ed,"have caused a situation where there is 
noone to harvest the crops assuming that 
the Soviet government will then submit to 
them, but they are badly mistaken. Thecity 
has sent us its workers and the crops will 
harvested. You representatives of an en- 
lightened city will give us your support" 
etc. 

We listened with revulsion to his speech- Throwing dis- 
cretion to the winds, another engineer, Lisowsky by name, and 
I, with the tacit support of the others, began to question him. 
I addressed the Party Business Manager Kopilenko as follows: 
“You have just given us not only bread, but a very substantial 
meal besides, and promise to feed us well during the harvest. 
Why don’t you give this food to those reapers and farm work- 
ers who are skilled in this type of work, or even to the people 
who came crawling to us half an hour ago to beg for bread?” 
and other questions of a similar nature. 

Since the entire party of engineers gave us their tacit sup- 
port, the Party Business Manager had to hear us out. Then he 
answered in the following vein, "The two comrades 
who have just spoken have exhibited their 
complete ignorance and political illite- 
racy, even though they are highly educated 
people. We Communists have a different 
conception of the decrees of Party and 
Government. We should help those “reap- 
ers" as you have entitled them, to die, an 
not raise them up again. They are enemies 
of the Soviet G'overnment, madly opposed 
to collectivization. They want to force 
the Party and the Government to their 
knees, but they'll never succeed in this" 


685 


After the meeting we were invited into another room, 
where we were informed that we were to be sent back to Kiev 
with a very adverse report. Our Party Organizer, Varshaw- 
sky, vouched for us, however, explaining that both Lisowsky 
and himself were excellent shock- workers, and that we had 
been momentarily carried away by new impressions, which we 
did not at the time fully comprehend, and furthermore, that 
the rest of the group did not share our views. Lisowsky and I 
confirmed his staternent, and we were allowed to stay. 

We worked over a month in that village. We all did our 
best to aid the famished—gave them our rations, brought home 
grain from the fields, and so on. As a result there were fewer 
deaths. But what we had seen in this village— hunger-distend- 
ed, famine-ridden people, corpses in the streets and houses, 
mass burials of the victims in a common grave, and so forth, 
had its counterpart in every village in the land. 


THE SOVIET GOVERNMENT SEEKS A SCAPEGOAT 


Recently the OGPU discovered and investigated 
a counter-revolutionary sabotage organization which 
had infiltrated some of the departments of the Com- 
missioner for Agriculture and the Commissioner for 
State Farms and was operating mainly in the agricul- 
tural districts of Ukraine, Northern Caucasus and 
White Russia. 

This counter-revolutionary organization was com- 
posed mainly of civil servants of high ranking bour- 
geois or landed extraction. 

The majority of those arrested 
admitted that they were guilty of 
organizing counterrevolutionary 
movements in the agricultural 
sphere, which manifested themselves in: 

(1) Deliberate damage to and destruction of 
tractors and other agricultura' machinery. 

(2) Burning of Machine-Tractor-Stations and 
linen mills. 

(4) Pilfering of food-stock by members of the 
Collective Farms. 

(5) Disorganization of seeding and harvesting 
operations. 


686 


(6) Slaughtering of working and productive live- 
stock. 

The evidence resulting from the 
investigations and from the con- 
fessions of the arrested saboteurs 
proves that the prisoners' intention 
had been to disorganize agriculture 
and produce famine in the land. (italics 
ours.) 

More than 70 people were arrested, including: 


... (а list of 30 persons follows) 
(Visti, March 4, 1933) 


THE SO-CALLED "GUILTY" FACE THE 
FIRING-SQUAD FOR THEIR "CRIMES" 


On the basis of the resolution passed by the Cen- 
ral Executive Committee of the USSR on February 
10th, 1933, the staff of the OGPU at its March 
2, 1933 meeting reviewed the case 
of the arrested civil servants of bourgeois and land- 
owning extraction, formerly employed in the Com- 
missioner of Agriculture establishments and the Com- 
missioner of State Farms, who had been convicted of 
ccunter-revolutionary sabotage of state agriculture in 
Ukraine, Northern Caucasus and White Russia, and 
decreed the following: 

“For the criminal act of organiz- 
ing counterrevolutionary sabotage 
calculated to cause loss to farm- 
ers and the state, at various M a- 
chineTractor Stations and Soviet 
State Farms throughout the dis- 
tricts of Ukraine, Northern Cauca- 
sus and White Russia, which mani- 
fested themselves in the following 
ways: damage to and destruction of 
tractors and agricultural machin- 
ery; deliberate weed-infestation of 
fields, setting fire to Machine-Trac- 
tor Garages, Machine-Tractor work 
shops and linen works; disruption 
of sowing, harvesting and threshing 


687 


688 


operations with the object of low- 
ing the standard of living among 
the agricultural population and cre- 
ating a state of famine in the land; 
the following leading participators 
of the counterrevolutionary sabo- 
tage organization are deemed, as a 
statedefence measure to be guilty 
of high treason and consequently in- 
cur the supreme penalty: death be- 
fore the firing squad: 


1. Konar, Palascuk Fedir Mykhaylovich. 
2. Kuznetsov, Ivan Vasylyovich. 

3. Kremenetsky, Mykhaylo Mikolayevich. 
4. Rudnyew Mykhaylovich. 

5. Tyelyehin, Mykola Khomich. 

6. Wolf, Moysey Mykhaylovich. 

7. Skorunsky, Edward Sihismundovich. 
8. Kovarsky, Mykhaylo Pukhimovich. 

9. Koroy, Ivan Oleksandrovich: 

10. Pokrovsky, Serhy Stepanovich. 

11. Motiliw, Boris Fedorovich. 

12. Pirohow, Hnat Petrovich. 

13. Kramarenko, Ivan Trokhimovich. 

14. Mikhaylowsky, Heorhy Mykytovich. 
15. Fabrikant, Yakiw Osipovich. 

16. Fomenko, Stakhy Kalinovich 

17. Honcharenko, Andriy Yakovovich. 
18. Ponomarenko, Oleksander Stepanovich. 
19. Rozevich, Ivan Vikentiyevich. 

20. Babak, Ivan Asonovich. 

21. Zinchenko, Ivan Mykhaylovich. 

22. Shabanov, Ivan Andriyovich. 

23. Pasichnik, Ivan Hrihorovich. 
24. Kiyashko, Fedir Vasylyovich. 
25. Byelyayew, Tikhon Konstantinovich. 
26. Tarasov, Mykhaylo Andriyovich. 
27. Sapeha, Semen Fomich. 

28. Duday, Pavlo Petrovich. 

29. Ulitin, Timofy Makarovich. 
30. Feshchenko, Oleksander Mykhaylovich. 
31. Zelenkov, Oleksander Ivanovich. 


32. Ivanov, Oleksander Mykhaylovich. 
33. Hadeonov, Serhy Oleksandrovich. 
34. Holovin, Andry Hawrylovich. 
35. Mankiwsky, Oleksy Vasylyovich. 
The following are to be imprissoned for a term 
of 10 years: 
1. Shterin, Hrytsko Lazarovich. 
2. Chornomorsky, Viktor Semenovich. 
3. Yewnevich, Oleksander Afanasiyevich. 
4. Porokhownikow, Oleksander Pakomovich. 
5. Lewshin, Moysey Moyseyevich. 
6. Kirnarsky, Ivan Oleksandrovich. 
7. Orshansky, Samuel Isakovich. 
8. Volko, Mykhaylo Mikhaylovich. 
9. Zimnikh, Oleksy Pavlovich. 
10. Vikhlyayew, Oleksander Panteleymonovich. 
11. Zhdan, Leontiy Serhiyovich. 
12. Dubrovich, Diomont Afanasiyevich. 
13. Ozarew, Oleksander Semenovich. 
14. Hrihorovich, Dmytro Artemovich. 
15. Sapozhnikovv, Volodymyr Ivanovich. 
16. Sherekhowtsew, Stepan Fedorovich. 
17. Kushnirenko, Pavlo Silvestrovich. 
18. Arsenenko, Denis Anisimovich. 
19. Byelow, Mykhaylo Mikitovich. 
20. Lashkevich, Adam Frantsovich. 
21. Khlimanov, Volodymyr Potapovich. 
22. Draprovich, Volodymyr Ivanovich. 
The following accused are sentenced to 8 years 
imprisonment: 
1. Koshlakov, Volodymyr Oleksandrovich. 
2. Borovikov, Mykola Serhiyevich. 
3. Dolt, Abram Myhaylovich. 
4. Boyko, Ivan Ivanovich. 
5. Pupko. Samuil Demyanovich. 
6. Silm. Mykhaylo Hrihorovich. 
7. Minutsa, Ivan Heorhiyevich. 
8. Krotov, Ivan Makarovich. 
9. Kukhar, Mykola Oleksandrovich. 
10. Yemelyanov, Oleksander Abramovich. 
11. Savich, Mykhaylo Fedorovich. 


689 


12. Mashkanov, Arsen Ivanovich. 

13. Kossobutsky, Yosyp Ivanovich. 

14. Zakrewsky, Ivan Ilarionovich. 

15. Melnichenko, Maksym Fedorovich. 

16. Botsko, Makar Prohorovich. 

17. Stebulsky, Yosyp Vikentiyevich. 

18. Titov, Anton Anisimovich. 
Sentence executed. 


V. Menzhinsky, head of the OGPU. 
(Visti, March 12, 1933) 


STALIN'S "ABASHED" SILENCE ON THE QUESTION 
OF FAMINE 


"Such was the Part'y success, that in approximately three 
years it was able to organize more than two hundred thousand 
grain and stock-raising Collective Farms and around five 
thousand similarly-engaged Soviet State Farms, and simul- 
taneously to increase the acreage sown to twenty-one million 
hectares in the space cf four years... 

The Party's success is also evident in the fact that, in 
place of the five to six hundred million bushels of commercial 
grain available annually during the period when individual 
methods of agriculture predominated, it can now garner one 
thousand two hundred to one thousand four hundred million 
bushels of commercial grain each year. 

Progress is evident in the eagerness with which nearly 
all the agricultural poor have embraced the establishment of 
collective farms and the consequent levelling of classes and 
abolishment of the evils of improverishment and pauperiza- 
tion among the peasant population in the villages. 

It (the Fiive-Year Plan) raised the standard of living of 
the indigent and middle peasant to a level of security on the 
collective farms, simultaneously abolishing the process by 
which they were formerly economically ruined and improvish- 
ed. Now the peasant is a secure agriculturalist. 


(From Stalin's speech at the Plenary Session of the Central 
Committee and the Central Control Commission of the CPSU, 
"Summing-up the first Five-Year-Plan.” 

(The Problems of Leninism, 1952, pp. 416-421 [in Russian]. 
“What was the chief impediment confronting our agricul- 
tural efforts during the past yeaf (1932)? The crief impediment 
was the greater difficulties experienced by the grain-garnering 


690 


institutions, far outweighing those of the previous year." 

(Except from "Concerning Agriculture," Ibid., p. 433) 

"We have achieved the uplifting of millions of paupers to a 

middle standard of living, as a result of their taking advantage 
of the better agricultural implements and more fertile soil on 
the collective farms. Our achievement is such that millions of 
poverty-stricken wretches who formerly lived from hand to 
mouth have now, on the collective farms, attained the status 
of middle peasants and become economically secure.” 

(Excerpt from a speech at the First All-Soviet Congress of 
Collective Farm Shock Workers, Feb. 19, 1933; Ibid., p. 451.) 

THE 17th CONGRESS OF THE ALL- 
UNION COMMUNIST PARTY VOICES ITS 
OPINION ON THE SUBJECT OF THE 
1932-1933 FAMINE IN UKRAINE 

“... Comrades! The discussions at this Congress have re- 
vealed complete unanimity on the part of our Party leaders on, 
one may say, all questions of Party policy. No dissension 
whatever, as youknow, has been raised the 
main speech. We have witnessed an extra- 
ordinary accord on matters of ideology 
and Party policy in the ranks of our Party. 
(Applause.) The question was raised, whether, after such a ses- 
sion, a concluding speech is necessary. I maintain that it is not. 
Allow me, therefore, to excuse myself from making such a 
speech.” (Stormy applause.) 

(Stalin's concluding speech. Ibid., р. 524.) 


STALIN ASSUMES HIS ROLE OF POLITICAL 
FAKIR 


In the economic sphere, these were years of a 
world-embracing crisis. The depression seized not 
only industry but also agriculture in its grip. The in-' 
dustrial depression interwove with the agrarian, af- 
fecting without exception all agrarian and semi- 
agrarian countries, which in turn only aggravated the 
deepening industrial depression. 

Four yeas of agricultural depres- 
sion totally improvished the indi- 
dentagricultural classes in even the 


69t 


solid capitalistic countries, and had 
even more serious effects in the de- 
pendencies and colonies. The sum total 
of unemployed approached three million in England, 
five million in Germany and ten million in the U.S.A. 
And to this the occasionally unemployed whose num- 
bers exceed tens of thousands, add the millions 
of destitute peasants, and you will have an 
approximate picture of the desolation and dispair of 
the laboring classes. 

From the mass of facts which threatened to Моск 
the success of the USSR's peace politics, it is neces- 
sary to single out and emphasize two which unques- 
tionably had serious implications. They are: 

1) The commencement of frendlier relationships 
between the USSR and France, and the USSR 
and Poland. 

2) The inauguration of a normal relationship be- 

tween the USSR and the USA, which rein- 





forced their commercial connections and pro- 
vided a basis for mutual co-operation. 

... The ensuing period reveals a picture of con- 
stantly increasing amelicration in the spheres of state 
economy and culture. .. 

"Unemployment, the scourge of the working 
class, vanished; vanished, too, has pauptrism from 
the villages. The dear peasant, whether collective 
farm-worker or independent farmer, can now live 
comfortably... Exploitation, unemploy- 
ment in cities and poverty in vilag 
have been uprooted. This epoch-mak- 
ing achievement in living-standards 
cannot even be dreamt of by the work- 
ers and peasants of even the largest 
democratic countries.” 

(Except from Stalin's Report at the Seventeenth 
Congress of the CPSU. The Problems of Leninism, 
(in Russian), 1952, pp. 494-459.) 











NESTOR KOROL 
SUMMARY OF TESTIMONY 


I lived in Moscow since 1929. Of course, there was по fam- 
ine there. The inhabitants of Moscow, as well as the entire 
population of the RSFSR were provided with ration cards, and 
more important, could obtain all the necessities of life. As т 
previous ycars, I received daily 250 grams of rye bread and 
250 grams of white bread. This was plenty for me. The only 
limitation in Moscow at that time was that there was a smaller 
choice of different kind of bread. Moscow's population was 
aware of the famine in Ukraine and reacted in various ways. 
However, the opinion that "Finally now they would break the 
"khakhols' (Russian disdainful name for Ukrainians) spine," was 
widespread. The hungry people from Ukraine began to appear 
in Moscow, buying or begging bread from those who did not 
usc their entire ration. In Moscow I myself I saw several death 
scenes of people who had arrived from Ukraine swollen from 
hunger. I witnessed such scenes in the Trubnyi market-place 
and at the Bryanski railroad station. The people swollen from 
hunger ate ravenously the bread they received, and after a 
short while died in terrible pain. The physicians at the Skli- 


693 


fasovsky emergency hospital in Moscow, mostly communists, 
always registered "over-eating" as the cause of death in such 
cases. 

Immediately after the crops were harvested before the 
famine began in Ukraine, orders were dispatched to all Ukrain- 
ian railroad stations not to sell tickets for points outside the 
Ukrainian SSR. Exception was made only for those who travel- 
ed on business matters for the governmental departments and 
institutions. However, this applied only to those institutions 
subordinate to the central (all-union) government in Moscow, 
and not to the local government (e.g. in Kharkiw). The Ukrai 
ians tried to avoid these restrictions in the following ма; 
they went to the last station on Ukrainian territory, then 
moved on foot to the station on Russian territory situated as 
more far as possible from Ukrainian boundary and bought 
tickets to Moscow “to go for bread." After a short while at the 
Bryanski and Kharkiw railroad stations in Moscow (they led 
to Ukraine) they set up the so-called "border-commandos" of 
the GPU who took away the bread bought by the hungry peas- 
ants, and forced them back to Ukraine under GPU guard. To 
avoid these “border-commandos” the victims began to take а 
devious route through Byelorussia. However, these guards also 
appeared on the Byelorussian and Baltic railroad stations in 
Moscow. 

Due to the nature of my work I had to go to Ukraine 
several times in the winter of 1933 and summer of 1932. There 
I saw with my own eyes the scenes of mass starvation and 
even cannibalism. Г submit here the cases of people who I am 
sure are no longer alive: 

1. In the village of Sytkivtsi, Sytkovetsky district, Vinny- 
tsia province, the peasant Chapayda killed his neighbour Makar 
Kozyodra. 

2. In the village of Onytkivtsi, Tyvrivsky district, Vinnytsia 
province, peasant woman Olena Hordiychuk and her husband 
(they lived close to the school, on the left side of the road to- 
ward the town of Tyriv) ate human flesh. 

After these peasants were arrested, several human skele- 
tens were found in their homes. 

3. In the hamlet of Khorosha, near the village of Medvyn, 
Kiev province, the widow H. who had two sons, killed one of 
them and fed her younger son with his flesh. Before the harvest 
in 1933 I personally spoke with her in relation to this case. 








694 


She told me that in this manner she had saved one son from 
from certain death. 

4. In the village of Medvyn I saw a little boy, of about 6 
years, with a scar on his neck. His mother, maddened with hun- 
ger, tried to kill him in order not to see him starve. The boy 
escaped his mother and had found shelter with the village 
teacher. 

5. In the village of Tahancha, near Bohuslav, Kiev pro- 
vince, I heard young girl talking (knew some of them per- 
sonally) who were saying that human flesh is similar to that 
of duck. I asked them if they had eaten it, and one answered 
that she had tasted it. Later they asked me not to say anything 
to anyone about their conversation because the GPU shot all 
cannibals. It is frightful to have to record that such a highly 
civilized and cultured people as the Ukrainians were so mad- 
dened by hunger that they were reduced to cannibalism. 

6. In the village of Sukholisy, near Bila Tserkva, Kiev 
province, only 45 women remained alive out of a population of 
1,800. In the neighbourin village of Nastashka, originally hav- 
ing over 2,500 inhabitants, one person remained alive. I saw 
the rotting human corpses in the empty houses. 

7- In the small town of Syniava, near Bila Tserkva, in the 
spring of 1933 I saw piles of bodies, amounting to about 3,000 
in the cemetery. They were not buried because the people in 
the town who had remained alive were not strong enough to 
did the graves in the yet frozen earth. 

8. In the village of Kozatske, near Zvenyhordka, Kiev 
province, I saw piles of human bodies (over 7,000) which were 
to be buried after the ground softened. I witnessed similar 
scenes in the Villiges of Rotmystrivka, Oleksandrivka, Ivan- 
horod, and many others in the Kievan and Vynnytsya provinces. 

The following Spring when I visited these areas again. 
the Moscow government had transported entire colonies of 
Russians into these villazes, where they occupied the vacant 
homes of the starved Ukrainian peasants. 

From the biological view, it is interesting to note the suc- 
cession of mortality from starvation: little boys died first, then 
men and after that old women died, after that the middle aged 
men, then the middle aged women and then little young girls. 
Mature girls died last of all. 


695 


HERRIOT'S "FILM STUDIO" 


In the spring of 1933, Herriot, the French Premier, came 
to visit the USSR, traveling from Odessa to Moscow via Kiev 
and Kharkiw. On the way he wished to drop in on a few Ukrain- 
ian villages and collective farms to ascertain whether there 
actually was a famine, because, although the press of the entire 
world was extremely vocal about it at the time, the Soviet press 
did not even mention its existence. 

A collective farm near Kiev, "October Revolution" by 
narne, located in the village about 7 kilometres from Brovary. 
was especially embellished for Herriot's visit. For the purpose 
of discussing ways and means of converting the collective farm 
into a "Potemkin Village" a special meeting of the Party Dis- 
trict Committee, attended by members of, it seems, the Kha- 
tayevich Group of the Ceneral Committee of the CP(B)U, was 
held in Kiev. An elderly Communist inspector in the State Com- 
missariat of Land Workers, an agronomist by profession, was 
appointed as temporary head of the collective farm for those 
few days; other agronomists were appointed as brigadiers. The 
Collective Farm underwent a thorough clean-up campaign, for 
which task all Communists, Komsornols and activists were 
mustered. 

The County Theatre at Brovary was stripped of all its 
furniture, (chairs, etc.), which were moved to the "club" on 
the collective farm. Plush side-curtains for the windows and 
tablecloths for the tables were donated by Kiev. One cattle shed 
was hurriedly converted into a dining-room, with table-cloths 
and flowers gracing the tables. The telephone exchange, along 
with its operator, was moved in from the county town of Bro- 
vary. Several swine and bull-caves were butchered to supply 
the dining-room. Even beer was brought in. 

All corpses and starvelings were removed from the roads 
and environs of the collective farm, and all the peasants were 
ordered to stay indoors. But before this was done, a general 
meeting of the collective farm workers was held, and they in- 
formed that a film studio from Odessa was coming to visit the 
collective farm for a few days in order to take some photo- 
graphs. For this, all work was going to be replanned, and only 
those chosen by a special committee were to participate. The 
rest were to stay in their houses, and not appear on the col- 
lective farm. 


696 


Those selected by the committee (Party members, ас- 
tivists, Komsomols, etc.), were especially costurned in cloth- 
ing brought in from Kiev, such as shoes, suits, hats, socks, and 
handkerchiefs. Dresses and other items of feminine apparel were 
supplied to the women. Barbers arrived from Kiev to clip the 
shaggy collective farm workers. The whole masquerade was 
led by Sharapov, authorized by the District Committee, and 
Denisenko, his assistant. The people were informed that these 
two were the producer and his assistant from a film studio and 
truly, they were “producers,” but only for the purpose of wel- 
coming Herriot. These "producers" decided that the most cf- 
fective way to welcome Herriot would be in the dining-room, 
with all the collective farm workers seated behind tables groan- 
ing under a variety of foods. The following day, upon which 
Herriot was scheduled to arrive, this was done. The collective 
farm workers gorged themselves on the substantial dinner and 
the tremendous chunks of meat, washing all this down with 
beer and carbonated beverages. Some of them immediately fell 
ill as a result of over-eating. The collective farm workers bolt- 
ed the unaccustomed food with lightning speed, and the "pro- 
ducer” excitedly rushed about and pleaded with them to eat 
slowly, so that the "guest" would still find them at table when 
he arrived. 

At that moment a telephone message arrived from the Kiev 
branch of the District Committee, informing him "Itinerary 
altered. Proceed with liquidati 

Accordingly, another meeting of the collective farm work- 
ers took place. The authorized "producer," Sharapov, thanked 
the participators for everything, including their excellent be- 
havior, then Denisenko took the floor and directed them to re- 
turn all the clothing and footwear, with the exception of the 
socks and handkerchiefs. The collective farm workers begged 
to be allowed to keep the clothing, promising to pay for it in 
money or labor, but their pleas fell on deaf ears. Everything 
had to be surrendered and returned to those shops in Kiev from 
whence it had come. 

The next day all the goods that were brought for the oc- 
casion to the collective farm were taken back. It was only later 
that the workers learned that these had been supplied in anti- 
cipation of Herriot's visit. Herriot was not fated to observe the 
substantial, well-to-do life of the collective farm workers near 
Kiev; however, he did see similarly embellished sample on a 





697 


similar collective farm near Kharkiw. On the way to Kiev and 
in Kiev itself, where he attended the Opera, visited the mu- 
seums, rode about in the streets, and so forth, he did not see 
anywhere a single hunger-distended peasant or corpse, because 
the GPU took good care to cover-up and conceal anything not 
acceptable to foreign eyes. And the trusting French Premier 
later announced in France that nowhere in the entire USSR 
nor in Ukraine did he observe a single indication of famine. 

Т was a personal witness of this film-studio farce on the 
"October Revolution" collective farm. 


THE LIQUIDATION OF THE ECONOMIC EFFECTS 
OF FAMINE 


All the seed and forage reserves of the collective farms and 
Soviet state farms had been taken away by the grain collectors. 
In th espring there was no seed. The government tendered the 
following to explain this: "inclement climatic conditions in the 
summer of 1932 . . . caused the destruction of a portion of the 
crop." It was forced to dip into its reserves and issue a loan 
to Ukraine and Northern Caucasus (the Kuban and Don reg- 
ions). The Odessa district received a donation of oats from the 
Moscow region which were unsuitable for seed. Means of trans- 
portation for the fodder issued as a loan to the collective farms 
was not available when needed. A loan of seed-grain was like- 
wise granted to the entire system of Soveit state farms through- 
out Ukraine. 

Due to the manpower shortage ,town laborers and civil 
servants were mobilized for work on the farms, but they receiv- 
cd better rations than hungry peasants. 

Peasants from the central provinces in Russia were settled 
in various villages which had been completely depopulated by 
famine. There are examples of such settlements in the Kharkiw 
and Zaporozha provinces. Other provinces were similarly de- 
populated. D. Solovey even mentions the existence of a special 
“Resettlement Bureau" in Moscow, under the aegis of the 
NKVD. 

But it must be realized that this problem of man-power 
shortage was the one which troubled the Communists least, 
since the organized Machine-Tractor-Stations could easily cul- 
tivate larger tracts of land and cost far less to maintain than 
the superfluous and now useless peasants. And this in turn fur- 


698 


thered production of greater quantities of grain on the depopu- 
lated areas of Ukraine, which had indeed been the major aim 
of the Communist government. 


UKRAINE OBTAINS A LOAN OF SEED-GRAIN 


“In connection with the fact that the severe 
climatic conditions in the summer of 
1932 adversely affected the yield, 
and consequently many of the col- 
lective farm and Soviet state farms 
on the Ukrainian steppes and in some 
of the districts of the Northern Cau- 
casus do not have enough seed for the 
spring sowing, the Council of the People's 
Commissions and the Ceneral Committee of the CPSU 
resolve: 

1) To issue a loan for seed grain from the State 
Granaries to the collective farms and Soviet state 

farms in Ukraine and Northern Caucasus, in 
the following quantities: 

20,300 bushels to Ukraine. 

15,300 bushels to the Northern Caucasus. 

(Resolution of the Council of the People's Com- 
missoners and the CC CPSU, Pravda, Feb. 26, 1933.) 


MOSCOW ISSUES A LOAN OF SEED-GRAIN 
TO UKRAINE 


On the sixth of March, 1,000 centners of oats ar- 
rived in Berczowka from Moscow province. At the 
same time, the Odessa District grain stock pile dis- 
patched a notification to the effect that this was seed 
oats. However, immediately afterwards the District 
grain stock pile informed the manager of the Berc- 
zowka elevator that the seed was of a variety suited 
only to colder climates, and that it should not be sown 
in the Odessa region. The grain in the wagons was 
intended for the Andriyiwsky and Ivaniwsky districts. 

Voloshyn, the manager of the elevator thereupon 
wrote a remark on this notification to express his 
agreement therewith, but continued to issue "the seed 
to the collective farms. Krasnyansky, the agronomist, 


699 


700 


whose duty it was to test the oats, added to Voloshyn's 
resolution: “Noted 14 of March, three days after noti- 
fication received,” (9.3). 

As a result of such a negligent attitude toward 
this business on the part of Voloshyn and Krasnyan- 
sky, the managers of the District grain stock pile, the 
collective farms received oats not suited to the cli- 
mate and it will now be necessary to return it to the 
elevators. 





Shcherbakov 
(Visti, March 17, 1933. 


HUNGRY STOCK IN UKRAINE IS ISSUED A 
LOAN OF FODDER 


“According to a report from the Radio and Tele- 
graph Agency of Ukraine the Khariw collec- 
tive farms received a loan of 122,840 
centers of fdder from the State. The 
full quota of fodder was to be delivered to the point 
nearest the collective farms. However, the extreme 
unwieldiness of the regional and district organiza- 
tions constitutes a serious threat to the timely execu- 
tion of this loan. 

Up to the 17 of March only 5,780 centners, or 
4.6 per cent of the loan have been issued to the collec- 
tive farms by the various centres of the Grain- Collect- 
ing Organization. 

The Provincial offices of the Union Trade Stores, 
managed by Horelow, the Union Meal Manufactures, 
managed by Obodowsky, and the Union of Flour 
Mills, managed by Lavrukhin, received the consign- 
ments as early as the 13 of March, but have not yet 
begun to expedite them to the various districts. 

The attitude toward the distribution of the fod- 
der loan to the collective farms and district organiza- 
tions is quite inadmissible. For instance, 1,500 cent- 
ners of fodder were dispatched to the Chornoukhy 
district. The District Executive Committee, headed 
by Tredunow, and the District Lands Division head- 
ed by Rohachenko, retained the entire consignment 
in their repositories, not letting a single centner sip 


through their fingers to the rightful consignees. 

The collective farms in the Pyryatyn, Orshansk 
and Pavlowsk districts have likewise not received one 
centner of their allotted fodder loan. 

(Visti, March 18, 1933.) 


Hungry children 





M. DIDENKO 
THE GOVERNMENT ISSUES A LOAN OF 
SEED GRAIN TO UKRAINE 

On the 17 of March, 112,615 centners, of 66.2 рег 
cent of the authorized State seed-loan were distribut- 
ed throughout the system of the People's Commis- 


701 


sariat of Soviet State Farms of Ukraine. 

The Grain-Collecting Organization received the 
following percentage of its quota: 76.9 per cent in the 
Dnipropetrovk, 55.7 per cent in the Donets region and 
76 per cent in the Odessa region. . 

Stock-Raising Soviet State Farms received the 
following: 48.1 per cent of their quota in the Dniepro- 
petrovsk, 39 per cent of their quota in the Donets reg- 
ion, and 65.8 per cent of their quota in the Kharkiw 
region. 

The Hog-Raising system received the following 
quantities: 88 per cent of their quota in the Dnipro- 
petrovsk region, 50 per cent in the Donets region, 71.8 
per cent in the Odessa region. 72 per cent in the 
Kharkiw region, 69.2 in the Chernihiw region 71.1 
per cent in the Kiev region and 31 per cent in the 


Vynnytsya region. 
(Visti, March 18, 1933.) 


M. SOLOMON 
OUR BEET-WEEDING CAMPAIGN 


In July, 1933, the majority of the industrial workers in 
Kharkiw were mobilized for spring farm work. I was then em- 
ployed in a cement factory in the vicinity of Kharkiw, named 
"Nova Bavaria." Several groups of such mobilized workers were 
sent out from Kharkiw at the time. Our group from the "Nova 
Bavaria" station was sent in the direction of the Sakhnowsky 
district, where half of us. around 300 men, were redirected to 
the village of Terno, to weed beets there. 

This village had once been large and prosperous, but now 
it presented a shocking appearance. Part of the population had 
been wiped out during the kurkul purges and another part, 
collective farm workers this time, perished of hunger during 
1932-33. 

The fields had been sown to beets but since there had been 
no one to weed them they were now, in July, barely visible for 
weeds. 

All of us workers from Kharkiw were billeted on the straw 
strewn floor of the collective farm sheds. We were each 
issued 600 grams of bread daily. especially 
brought in from Kharkiw, but the collective farm 


702 


workers’ daily ration consisted of thin, 
watery soup served three times a day. We worked in the 
fields at least twelve hours a day. Not all the workers knew how 
to weed and thin beets. But even those who did not were not 
able to do rnuch good, because the weeds had already gotten 
the upper hand. 

We worked for a month at Terni, where, according to the 
inhabitants' account, a considerable proportion of the popula- 
tion had already starved to death in the spring of 1932. 


L. PYLYPENKO 


BREAD FOR THE WORKERS FROM TOWN, RAW 
CABBAGE FOR COLLECTIVE FARM WORKERS 


In the village of Rohozova in the Kiev region there were 
four collective farms but no one to cultivate them, as all the 
collective farm workers were dying of starvation. The govern- 
ment was well aware of this, and proceeded to send out work- 
ers, predominantly women, from Kiev, to perform the spring 
field work, such as hoeing beets, haying, and so forth. Country 
teachers, including myself, were also mobilized for such work. 

The workers from Kiev were fed black 
bread, fish, chees, sugar and such foods, de- 
livered by truck to the fields where they 
were working, while the teachers and the 
hungerswollen collective farm workers re- 
ceived one heard of raw cabbage per person 
daily, delivered from the collective farm by wagon. 

The carbohydrates in the cabbage, mixed with saliva, 
tasted sweet and delicious to us, but our hunger was not di- 
mished. And observing what the city workers ate we keenly 
felt discrimination practised against us peasants by the govern- 
ment. 


V. MALY 


RUSSIANS REPLACE UKRAINIAN HUNGER VICTIMS 


In the summer of 1933 the village of Druha Korulka in the 
Kharkiw district presented a shockingly desolate appearance. 
No songs were heard in the village now, which formerly had 
been so gay. The farm yards were overgrown with weeds, since 
there was no stock to graze on them and trample them down. 


703 


The cottages were shabby and discolored, as the house- 
wives no longer possessed the energy or interest to repair and 
whitewash them. The existing remnant of villages also resem- 
bled their homes and yards: ragged, cadaverous, sallow, hunger- 
distended and worried, more like walking corpses than people. 

The places formerly belonging to ku r k | $, who had been 
transported away, and those whose owners had died of starva- 
tion, were even more neglected. 

As early as the winter of 1934 twenty-five Russian families 
and later seven more, were brought in to replace thekurku 15 
and the dead. 

These Russian families did not need to build homes for 
themselves. They proceeded to occupy the premises left vacant 
by the kurkuls and the dead. After a time, these newly- 
arrived Rusians assumed all the leading positions on the col- 
lective farm, such as those of head, storemen, brigadiers, field- 
overseers, time-keepers, etc. Then they proceeded to form the 
executive body of the Korulka Village Soviet. 


LEONID VEREMIYENKO 


PEASANTS FROM THE BRYANSK PROVINCE TAKE 
OVER 


Before the Revolution the village of Konotoptsi in the 
Veseliwsky district of the region of Zaporozha consisted of 120 
estates. Its inhabitants originally came from Konotop in the 
region of Chernihiw. 

When collectivization commenced in February, 1930, the 
estates of 18 farmers in this village were destroyed and in March 
their families were transported to concentration camps in the 
north, where most of them perished. As collectivization proceed- 
ed and the native inhabitants continued to be sent beyond the 
borders of Ukraine, only 36 farmsteads were left intact, and 
only five native families remained unmolested. 

The deserted farmsteads were resettled 
by specially-sselected peasants from the 
Bryansk region 

The famine began in the fall of 1932 and reached its peak 
in the summer of 1933. Of the people who still remained in the 
village, 80 died during this year. There were even instances of 
cannibalism, 

A similar incident took place when the village tailor, 


704 


Plitnichenko by name, went away for a few in order to obtain 
food for his starving family. When he returned three of his 
children were missing. They had been stolen and eaten by his 
neighbors. The incident affected Plitnichenko's reason and soon 
he himself perished of hunger. 

After experiencing the forced collectivization and the fam- 
ine of 1932-33, the village of Konotoptsi lost its former outward 
appearance and 95 per cent of its population besides. 


UKRAINE IS REOCCUPIED AND HER COLLECTIVE 
SLAVE SYSTEM REINFORCED 


The annilihating operations did not cease when the politi- 
cal and economic destruction of the Ukraine agricultural class- 
es had been achieved by means of collectivization and famine; 
they extended to embrace the Ukraine Soviet Government it- 
self and the Central Committee of the CP(B)U. Passive and ac- 
tive resistance toward Moscow continued to be widespread. 
In Ukraine the Communists ascribed this to “bourgeois-nation- 
alists" intellectuals of “Petlyurists” leanings. 

The Political Divisions of the Machine-Tractor Stations 
and Soviet State Farms were alone entrusted to conduct agri- 
cultural operations in Ukraine. Please note that the resolution 
decreeing this does not so much as mention the necessity of 
making provisioins for the social and material well-being of 
agricultural workers, but stresses instead the consolidation of 
the local departments of government and the carrying-out by the 
collective farms and their workers of their responsibilities to- 
ward the State. 

The resolution passed on January 24, 1933, by the All- Un- 
ion Communist Party's Central Committee reveals its utter 
distrust of the party organization in Ukraine. This party organi- 
zation was even compelled publicly to proclaim its complete 
bankruptcy. A complete reorganization follewed; P. Postyshev 
was sent out to represent Moscow in the capacity of State Com- 
missar and the collective farms and Soviet State Farms were 
organized into 846 Political Divisions administered directly by 
Political Commissars newly-arrived from Moscow. 


705 


THE POLITICAL DIVISIONS OF THE MACHINE- 
TRACTOR STATIONS OR: VILLAGE POLITICAL 
COMMISSARS 


The following is an exerpt from the Resolution passed by 
the Plenary Session of the Central Committee and the Central 
Control Commission of the All-Union Communist Party оп 
January 11, 1933, regarding the organization of the Machine- 
Tractor Stations and Soviet State Farm Political Divisions: 


"The anti-Soviet elements among the peasant 
population are fiercely opposed to the successful so- 
lution of this two-fold problem: the continued prog- 
ress of agriculture and the fullment of social recon- 
struction. The kurkul, although agriculturally up- 
rooted, still possesses a modicum of influence; former 
White army officers, former priests and their sons, 
former estate-managers and owners of sugar refineries, 
former bureaucrats and other anti-Soviet elements of 
bourgeois-nationalistic, Eser and Petlyurist convic- 
tions, who have settled in the villages, are using eve- 
ry possible means to disorganize the collective-farms, 
attempting to undermine good-will toward the Party 
Government in connection with agriculture: by tak- 
ing advantage of the fact that some of the Collective 
farm workers are ignorant, they are inculcating in 
them an attitude opposed to mutual co-operative 
farming methods and collective farm development 
... the anti- Soviet elements are attempting to organ- 
ize sabotage movements, spoiling machines, appropri- 
ating collective farm goods, under-mining work dis- 
cipline, organizing the stealing of seed, sabotaging the 
Grain-Collecting Organizations and occasionally they 
even succeed in their attempts to destroy the collec- 
tive farms. 

Besides this, the village Party and Komsomol or- 
ganizations, even the cells in the Machine Tractor 
Stations and Soviet Farms are often lacking in prop- 
er revolutionary class-feeling and do nothing to 
counteract the anti-Soviet manifestations of these hos- 
tile elements, nor do they wage the prescribed daily 
struggle to further Communists influence among the 
masses... sometimes they themselves fall under the 


influence of these destructive elments and hob-nob 
with the enemies of the collective farms, Soviet State 
Farms, and the Soviet Government... 


IL DUTIES OF THE POLITICAL DIVISIONS 

The foremost duty of the Politi- 
cal Divisions of the Machine Tractor 
Stations is to oversee the prompt 
and unquestioning carrying-out of 
their responsibilities by the collec- 
tive farms and their workers, and to 
wage unremitting and determined war on such anti- 
State manifestions as pilfering of collective farm goods 
and sabotage in the grain-and-meat departments of 
the collective farms . . . 

The first duty of the Political Divisions is to or- 
ganize Party and Komsomol cells within the Machine 
Tractor Stations, paying the strictest attenticn to 
their quality and to their loyalty to the Party... 

The second duty of the Political Divisions is to 
establish an auxiliary of non-Party members around 
the Party and Komscmol ceils. We do not require 
unity within diversity, we demand unanimity within 
the collective farms which will assure the leacership 
and executive powers to the Communist ceils, and re- 
inforce them with the support of the non-Party ac- 
tivists.” 


A RESOLUTION CONCERNING THE REOCCU- 
PATION OF UKRAINE 

(From the Resolution passed on Jan: 24, 1933, by 
the Central Committee of All-Union Communist Par- 
ty.) 

The Central Committee of the All-Union Com- 
munist Party regards as established the fact that the 
Party Organization in Ukraine failed to carry out suc- 
cessfuly its assigned duties of organizing grain stock 
s and fulfilling its grain quota, which, although 
initially reduced, it was necessary to recuce thrice 
more. 

The Central Committee of the All-Union Com- 
munist Party considers the regions of Odessa, Dnie- 





707 


708 


propetrevsk and Kharkiw as the basic and decisive 
ones from the agricultural standpoint, and deems it 
highly necessary to strengthen them at the earliest 
possible moment. 

The Central Committee of the All-Union Com- 
munist Party resolves: 

1) To appoint Comrade Postyshev, present sec- 
retary of the Central Committee of the All-Union 
Communist Party, as assistant secretary of the Cen- 
tral Committee of the CP(B)U, and as first secretary 
of the Kharkiw District Committee. 

2) To appoint Comrade Khatayevich as first sec- 
retary of the Dniepropetrovsk District Committee, 
while retaining him as one of the secretaries of the 
Central Committee of the CP(B) U. 

3) To appoint Comrade Veher as first secretary of 
the Odessa District Committce. 

4) To relieve Comrade Mayor, Strohanov and 
Terekhov from their present posts, and note the 
changes on the rolls of the Central Committee of the 
CPSU. 

5) Comrades Postyshev, Khatayevich and Veher 
assume their new appointments not later than January 


30, 1933... 
(From Kosior's speech ‘Summing up the Achievements of 
the Grain Stock Piles, Pravda, Feb. 15, 1933). 


MOSCOW'S DECISION CONCERNING THE 
INSOLVENCY OF THE CP(B)U 


(Resolution of tne Plenary Session cf the Cen- 
tral Committee of the CP(B)U, passed on February 
7, 1933, concerning grain-collecting operations with- 
in Ukraine, and the Resolution passed on Jan. 24, 1933, 
by the Central Committee of the CPSU.) 

The Party Organization in Ukraine failed to car- 
Ty out its designated tasks of arganizing grain stock 
piles and fulfilling its grain quota, in spite of 
the fact that the initially reduced 
Plan was reduced three more times. 
(Italics ours.) 

The Plenary Session of the Central Committee of 
the CP(B)U, together with the secretariats of the 


City Party Committees and the County Party Com- 
mittees considers that the Resolution of the Central 
Committee of the CPSU and Stalin's speech give a 
stern but absolutely just evaluation of the state of 
the grain-collecting operations in Ukraine and a truly 
Communist criticism of the unsatisfactory work of 
the Ukrainian Party Organization and of the unsatis- 
factory management of grain stock piles and collective 
farms by the Central Committee of the CP(B)U. 

The Plenary Session further considers it necessary 
to stress the fact that, from the very inauguration of 
of the Grain Collecting Organization, the Central, 
Regional and District leaders of the Party Organiza- 
tion were insufficiently zealous in carrying out their 
duties, failing to discover in time the manoeuvers of 
class-enemy such as kurkuls, Petlyurists and Mak- 
hnovists, who succeeded in infiltrating the collective 
farms and assumed leading positions there . . . 

Furthermcre, the Plenary Session regards as in- 
disputably correct the decree passed on January 24, 
by the Central Committee of the CPSU, and welcomes 
the appointment of Comrade Postyshev as assistant 
secretary of the Central Commtitee of the CP(B)U. 
and the strengthening of leadership in the chief regions 
of Ukraine. 

The Plenary Session of the Central Committee of 
the CP(B)U, together with the secreteries of the Lo- 
cal and District Party Organizations accepts Сот- 
rade Stalin's criticism and observations regarding the 
recalcitrant leaders. 

The Party Organization in Ukraine and its lead- 
ers will exert all their efforts immediately to correct 
their errors and definitely to redraft their program 
in order to achieve the consolidation of political leader- 


ship on the collective farms. 
(Visti, Feb. 8, 1933.) 


UKRAINE IS REOCCUPIED ANEW — THIS 
TIME BY POLITICAL COMMISSARS 


1,340 comrades were sent out to Ukraine to as- 
sume executive posts in the districts. 237 secretaries 
of District Party Committees, 279 heads of District 


709 


710 


Executivve Committees and 158 heads of District Con- 
trolling Committees were replaced by more efficient 
workers during this period. 

643 Machine Tractor Station Political Divisions 
and 203 Soviet State Farm Political Divisions were or- 
ganized under the direct supervision of the Central 
Committee of the CPSU. These were staffed by ap- 
proximately 3,000 leaders, who played a salient part 
in inaugurating new genres and methods of leader- 
ships. 

No fewer than 107,000 persons were initially 
sent to the collective farms, 3,000 of whom were in- 
tended for permanent positions of leadership such as 
collective farm heads, Party Centre secretaries, etc. 

Entire divisions of strong, experienced Com- 
munists were sent out to the villages, in order to or- 


ganize the collective farm system. 

(From P. Postyshev's speech at the November Plenary 
Session of the Central Committee of the CP(B)U, as reported in 
Pravda, Nov. 24, 1933) 


CONTRIBUTIONS 
TO THE PUBLICATION OF THIS VOLUME: 





LIST OF DONORS: 
$200 
Ivan and Keenia Kalmuk Mykhailo Mulyar 
Vasyl and Iryna Modvid Ivan end Vira Vovenko 
$100 

Timofiy Artemovica Vira Kaniuka 
Petro Baybak Yzkiv Karb 
Olexander Baranyk Khudyak 
Fedir Brazhnyk Polikarp Kybkalo 
‘Vasyl Burim Fedir and Volodymyr Karamushka 
P. Danylenko А. Kyrylyuk 
Panas and Melaniya Dylovsky Hryhoriy and Halyna Kytasty 
Stanislav Dmytrenko Vasyl Kolisnyk 
Vasyl Dovhan Pavlo Konoval 
Stepan Dubovyk Oleksander Koval 
Ivan Yefymenko Ivan Kozatsky 
Fedir Fedorenko Fedir Kovalenko 
Stepan Fedorivsky Stepan Kuropas 
Hryhoriy Harbuz Vasyl I. Krevsun 
Ivan Hasyn Stepan Kulyk 
Petro Honcharenko Mykhaylo Kuamyn 
Makar Hrohul Andriy Kukharenko 
Borys Ivanyisky Oleksander Lukash 
Ivan Kaydan Petro and Anastasiya Lykhosherstiv 
Vasyl Kalyna Mykhaylo and Maria Lykiv 


711 


Kostyantyn Lysenko 
Mykola Liskiveky 
Mykola Luhovy 
Anatoliy Luppo 
Petro Makohon 
Ivan Milichenko 








Pavlo Malya: 
Peiro and Liza Маузига 
Ivan Miroshnichenko 





Ivan and Nina Murha 
Dmytro Nazarets 

Ivan Nesenyuk 
Venyamyn Nesenyuk 
Semen Nechyporuk 
Valentyn Novyisky 
Ivan Olijnyk 

Fedir Oliynyk 
Hryhoriy Onyshchenko 
Kostyantyn Prykhodko 
Vira Pavlenko 

Рено Pavlovych 
Oleksander Palatash 
Ivan and Olena Piddubny 
Vasy) Pustovy 

Petro Palchyk 

Vasyl Ponomarenko 


K. Rybalka 

Yosyp Ruban 

Vasyl Rostun 

Fedir Svystun 

Mykola Snabliy 
Mykhailo Synylo 
Mykhailo Shkvarko 
Yuriy Stepovy 

Ivan Shchupakivsky 
Semen Starushchak 

S. Sokil 

Petro Sokil 

Kuzma Stepanenko 
Petro and Maria Sulkivsky 
Nina Syniavska 

Petro Trepet 

Stepan Tarasenko 

Pavlo Tyshchenko 
Mykhaylo Udovychenko 
Yakiv and Halyna Vyun 
Hryhoriy Yaremchuk 
Yakiv Velychko 

Stepan Yarema 

Kyrylo Yurchenko 
Vasyl Zavitnevych 
Ivan Zhurkivsky 








American Youth of Ukrainian Descent, Inc.. Detroit Branch